{
    "0": {
        "id": "1611472230.40703",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/post-inauguration-commentary/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Did that really just happen?",
        "body_text": "CNN Opinion contributors react to the most memorable moments of Inauguration Day. The views expressed in these commentaries are their own.\n Was it all just a dream?\n As I gathered my family to watch the historic swearing in of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the occasion took on a surreal feeling. There were Barack and Michelle Obama, looking like they hadn't aged a day. And there was George W. Bush, elbowing hello to his old friends. And the Clintons, who in some ways, never seem to have left Washington DC.\n It was a throwback to an earlier era, an era before \"American carnage.\" Gone were the anger and division. No one suggested America needed to be made great again. The air of fraught anxiety had lifted. Even the US Capitol building didn't show the scars of its insurrection just two weeks ago.\n If not for the masks, and the modest number of assembled guests, it could have been a scene from a decade ago.\n It was almost as if none of it really happened. Except, of course it did. The last four years have tattooed a trauma on so many Americans, and it won't fade overnight. There's healing to do, and Biden has a long journey ahead. But at least for an hour or so at the United States Capitol, there was finally a much-needed respite from the madness, the moment of demarcation that will forever be 2020 -- nostalgia for the before, and hopefulness in the after.\n SE Cupp is a CNN political commentator.\n On Inauguration Day, we witnessed the triumph of American democracy.\n This month we've seen two very different symbols in the Capitol. On January 6, we watched insurrectionists strut through that building with the Confederate flag.\n Now here we are. Just two weeks later, Kamala Harris got sworn in as vice president -- the first woman and third person of color to do so.\n So, whose century is it? Does it belong to the people who are trying to recapture something they've lost? Or is there something new happening?\n I believe it's the latter.\n Are there cracks? Absolutely. Is there division? Of course. But let's be clear: we just hit the biggest reset button in history. After four years of horror, America just got a gigantic beauty download. And beauty matters. It heals.\n Every person in a position of power knows they're talking to a different country today than they were yesterday. And for those who spent the last four years spewing nonsense, they know they can no longer do it and get away with it. They feel constrained by what they just saw, and the fact that -- from Silicon Valley to Black voters in the South -- this country stuck together. We want something different.\n Today we heard our President, Joe Biden, speak from the depth of his soul. There was not one part of his speech that didn't feel like medicine. He acknowledged and honored the cry for racial justice, 400 years in the making. He reached out to young people and people who are suffering. He promised to be a President for all Americans.\n Best of all: while this Inauguration is historic and full of firsts, the day has felt refreshingly normal. After surviving the past four years, boring is the new thrilling.\n Van Jones, a CNN host, is the CEO of the REFORM Alliance, a criminal justice organization\n It was an inauguration like none in living memory. There was a big first: The first woman, first African American and first Asian American was sworn in as Vice President. And there was a stark challenge: to inaugurate a new president at a moment of profound national vulnerability, after our democracy barely survived a domestic attack and when over 400,000 Americans did not survive a deadly virus.\n President Joe Biden met the challenge.\n Watching the pomp of the inaugural tradition, I was struck by the new meaning carried by the same words we hear every four years. When Lady Gaga performed the Star-Spangled Banner and sang, \"and our flag was still there,\" my heart caught in my throat \u2014 what a thing to take for granted, that our flag would always be there; what a call to gratitude, to note that yes, even after a mob tore down the stars and stripes and tried to replace it with the banner of an authoritarian, today, our nation's flag flies.\n We did not have a peaceful transition of power. But we did transition from an administration that ruled with vindictiveness, cruelty and prejudice to one that leads with sincerity, optimism and openness. Yes, inaugurations are performances. But this one told the world that while America was bowed by the Trump administration and by attacks from his supporters, we remain, as inaugural poet Amanda Gorman put it, \"A nation that isn't broken, but simply unfinished.\"\n As Gorman read her extraordinary poem, \"The Hill We Climb,\" she embodied the best of America: \"A skinny black girl, descended from slaves,\" she said, who dreamed of being president and was on stage to inaugurate one. A young woman who understands that this nation was not made perfect, but believes we can make it better. As the relief and ceremony of today recedes and the real work begins, her final lines offer a kind of North Star to orient us as we walk out of the darkness:\n There is always light.\n If only we are brave enough to see it.\n If only we are brave enough to be it.\n Jill Filipovic is a journalist based in New York and author of the book \"OK Boomer, Let's Talk: How My Generation Got Left Behind.\" Follow her on Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely her own. View more opinion articles on CNN.\n As a conservative Republican, I am under no illusion that I'll be happy with most of what Joe Biden does as President. A few of his expected executive orders and appointments have already given me great concern that his calls for unity are just words to cover up an unwillingness to say no to the more fringe left elements of his base.\n But as an American, I am glad for today as it showed, ultimately, that our system held. It was strained, particularly in the last few weeks by Donald Trump's disgraceful handling of the post-election period, but we now have a new President, a new Congress and a chance, as we do every two years, to begin anew following a free and fair election.\n There is relative equilibrium in Washington, with a tilt to the Democrats. Despite not controlling anything, though, Republicans do have an important role to play in guiding the country's future. There is an urgent need for both parties to unify over two things: distributing the coronavirus vaccine to as many Americans as possible, as fast as possible, and standing against the scourge of political violence.\n These are crucial matters. We can't get back to normal life in America unless we get the vaccine to her people, and our democracy will be further imperiled if we look the other way when anyone -- anyone -- participates in or incites violence as a means to subverting the will of the people. We are all in this together, and that means accepting that our electoral system produces winners... and losers. It is an urgent matter for all Republicans to hear this message: we lost, but we can win again as long as we let go of the conspiracy theories that have driven too many people absolutely bonkers.\n I wish President Joe Biden well and pray for his success. And I hope for a Republican Party that becomes a loyal opposition and presents itself as a viable, responsible governing alternative in the coming elections, even as it helps President Biden tackle the clear and present dangers to the American way of life.\n Scott Jennings, a CNN contributor and Republican campaign adviser, is a former special assistant to President George W. Bush and a former campaign adviser to Sen. Mitch McConnell. He is a partner at RunSwitch Public Relations in Louisville, Kentucky. Follow him on Twitter @ScottJenningsKY.\n \"This is the first time in four years I've felt like wearing red, white and blue,\" my neighbor Pat, a daughter of Kentucky, told me as we watched the inauguration of President Joseph R. Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris together.\n I know exactly how she felt. For so many years now, I've been angry at America. Ashamed of my country. Disgusted at the unrelenting hate and ignorance many of us have spread around the world.\n But watching the inauguration today, I had so many reasons to be happy and full of pride for my nation. I'm proud of the record numbers of Americans who turned out to vote, despite the deadly risk of Covid-19. Proud to see Vice President Kamala Harris, our first woman and first Black Vice President.\n Watching record numbers of Black Americans who when confronted with unimaginable horrors and injustice, refused to be intimidated and who instead, used their power to sway the presidential election -- that makes my heart proud. Together, we even shifted the balance of power in the US Senate. We stood up, spoke up, ran for office and convinced our allies and people around the world that Black lives must matter. That equal justice must matter.\n Today a majority of Americans rejected the politics of White power and insurrectionist ideas. And for the first time in four years, I'm comfortable sitting down with my White neighbor from Kentucky and singing \"Amazing Grace\" together with hope in our hearts for America.\n \"Weeping may endure in the night, but joy comes in the morning,\" President Biden said, quoting from the Bible, in his inaugural speech.\n Amen.\n Roxanne Jones, a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN, has been a producer, reporter and editor at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer. Jones is co-author of \"Say it Loud: An Illustrated History of the Black Athlete.\" She talks politics, sports and culture weekly on Philadelphia's 900AM WURD.\n Four years after his predecessor thundered about \"American carnage,\" President Joe Biden gave an inauguration speech that was pragmatic, thoughtful and, most of all, optimistic. He acknowledged the insurrection at the Capitol that took place just two weeks ago, the deadly Covid-19 pandemic and the deeply divided state of our nation.  But he offered a welcome antidote to such crises. \"Unity is the path forward,\" he said, noting that \"disagreement must not lead to disunion.\"\n Biden pledged to \"fight as hard for those who did not support [him] as for those who did.\" This olive branch of healing seemed especially gracious given his predecessor's refusal to participate in the normal rituals surrounding the peaceful transfer of power.\n Biden's speech was effective because his words were from the heart. This was no small feat in this unusual, socially distanced inauguration that was equal parts somber and celebratory. Biden promised that \"We will get through this together.\" His call for basic decency towards one another made him look far stronger and more presidential than Donald Trump, who left office looking like a petulant child.\n Even before Biden was sworn in, it was profoundly moving when Justice Sonia Sotomayor -- the country's only Latina Supreme Court Justice -- administered the oath of office to Vice President Kamala Harris. Seeing these two women of color on the national stage was powerful. And Jennifer Lopez singing \"This Land Is Your Land\" and \"America the Beautiful\" was a welcome reminder than Latinos are indeed woven into the fabric of the United States.  After four years of an administration that was so hostile to Latinos and immigrants, hearing JLo recite a few lines of the pledge of allegiance in Spanish was a joy.\n Raul A. Reyes is an attorney and a member of the USA Today board of contributors. Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes.\n For decades, the Democratic Party ceded faith voters to the religious right. Pro-life Democrats in Congress were marginalized within the party -- dropping from dozens in the 1990s to fewer than four today.\n In 2008, President Barack Obama described \"bitter\" voters who \"cling to guns or religion,\" and \"bitter clingers\" became an anthem for conservative voters.  In 2012, for the first time, the word \"God\" was nowhere to be found in the Democratic platform.\n But as Christian nationalism has seized the Republican Party, Joe Biden's inauguration as the 46th President sought to emphasize the theme of unity -- and was filled with what could almost be heard as a repeated invitation for Americans of faith to revisit his political party.\n On top of the traditional invocation and benediction, Garth Brooks sang \"Amazing Grace.\" The National Youth Poet Laureate, Amanda Gorman, quoted Micah 4:4. Biden's speech referenced God four times and faith three times. He quoted directly from the Bible in a passage about loss and mourning -- \"Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning\" -- a reminder to listeners that the pages of Psalm 30 are no doubt well-worn in his bible.\n Not all Democrats agree that their political party should embrace religion or the religious. Pro-life Democrats are still an endangered species. And even some Trump-skeptics wonder whether the Biden administration will renew the hostility toward religious Americans -- like the Little Sisters of the Poor -- that some considered one of the most divisive aspects of the Obama administration.\n But in his last speech as President, Donald Trump didn't emphasize God or faith. Revealing his true priorities, some of his last acts as president included pardoning Steve Bannon, who was indicted last year for defrauding many of Trumps' own supporters, and revoking his previous executive order that would have barred members of his administration from immediately becoming lobbyists. In addition to leaving the Republican Party fractured and divided, Trump also gave Democrats one last parting gift: the chance to win back some of America's religious voters to their side of the aisle.\n Sarah Isgur is a staff writer at The Dispatch and an adjunct professor at George Washington University's School of Media and Public Affairs. She previously worked on three Republican presidential campaigns and graduated from Harvard Law School.\n The inauguration of Joe Biden as the 46th President of the United States promises a new birth of American freedom. Race proved central to Biden's inauguration address -- as it should be. He quoted President Abraham Lincoln twice and became the first president to ever acknowledge White supremacy in an inaugural address. \"This is our historic moment of crisis and challenge,\" said Biden. One that could only be met through unity and national purpose.\n \"This is democracy's day, a day of history and hope, of renewal and resolve,\" Biden observed. He touted his victory as not a personal one, but as a reflection of the power of American democracy. Biden acknowledged the White riot at the nation's Capitol as a preface to words that called Americans to an aspirational citizenship -- bold enough to defeat the forces of racial and political division that have threatened so many of us under the Trump administration.\n Biden celebrated the historic election of Vice President Kamala Harris as proof that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. He spoke of the ongoing devastation of the Covid-19 pandemic, but never lost the thread of racial justice, noting in a reference to a poem by Langston Hughes that \"the dream of racial justice will be deferred no longer\" and observing that the rise of \"White supremacy\" and racial terror would be confronted and defeated. Biden echoed the words of President Abraham Lincoln in his vow that his \"whole soul\" would be committed to national political unity.\n Such unity must be based on listening to one another, respecting political disagreement, rejecting conspiracy theories and the spread of lies and false narratives that have undermined democracy.\n The President's stirring introduction of his personal and political hopes for the nation centered empathy, respect and understanding in a speech that placed the struggle for racial justice as the beating heart of America's wounded democracy. The President's words proved revelatory and compassionate. Now the nation awaits deeds to make those hopes real.\n Peniel E. Joseph is the Barbara Jordan chair in ethics and political values and the founding director of the Center for the Study of Race and Democracy at the LBJ School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin, where he is also a professor of history. He is the author of several books, most recently, \"The Sword and the Shield: The Revolutionary Lives of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr.\"\n In recent years, four different presidents \u2014 George HW Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama \u2014 have issued inspirational calls for national unity in their first inaugural address. As John Harris pointed out in Politico this week, each has fallen short of success.\n Perhaps in the flow of relief as Joe Biden took the reins today, I am in a bit of a swoon. But I came away from his inaugural address thinking we may finally have a president who can pull us back from the brink. There is something about the man that is compelling \u2014 the fire in his soul, his humility, his clear moral purpose.\n Most political leaders develop a strong exterior. Biden is one of the few who has cultivated a strong interior.\n Biden recognizes that words alone will not bring healing. To win over the millions who have been poisoned to believe he is illegitimate, he and his team will have to bring concrete results \u2014 taming the pandemic, reinvigorating the economy and the like.  And in order to get those results, he will need some political support from Republicans. So the path ahead is steep.\n Still, Biden has seemingly emerged as the best possible leader for these perilous times. Chancellor Bismarck once said, \"God has a special providence for fools, drunkards, and the United States of America.\" Maybe we are blessed once again.\n David Gergen has been a White House adviser to four presidents of both parties and is a senior political analyst at CNN. A graduate of Harvard Law School, he is a professor of public service at the Harvard Kennedy School and co-founded its Center for Public Leadership.\n The backdrop could not have seemed bleaker: the event ringed by the National Guard, the crowd shrunk by the Covid-19 pandemic, the echoes of the insurrection still vibrating through the Capitol. And yet, the inauguration of President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris could not have been a more hopeful event.\n Rooted in the tragedy and destruction of the past several years, Biden's inaugural address did not shy away from naming the challenges facing the US -- what he called \"a time of testing.\" hHe talked about the threat of political extremism and domestic terrorism, of White supremacy and climate change, of the unchecked pandemic.\n But in his inaugural, Biden found the thread of hope. He found it on the stage, where the first Black, first Asian and first woman vice president had just been sworn in by the first Latina Supreme Court Justice. He found it in the nation's history: in the need for racial justice, in women's fight for the vote. And he found it in hard truths: that \"democracy is fragile,\" and that if we turn toward decency, unity and healing, we will be able to say that \"democracy and hope, truth and justice did not die on our watch but thrived.\" It is more a wish than a guarantee, a reminder that democracy must be fought for every day, that it is inherently fragile. But seeing a president commit his administration to that core work is reason to believe that American carnage can be transformed into something different -- even, perhaps, a period of democratic renewal.\n Nicole Hemmer is an associate research scholar at Columbia University with the Obama Presidency Oral History Project and the author of \"Messengers of the Right: Conservative Media and the Transformation of American Politics.\" She co-hosts the history podcast \"Past Present\" and \"This Day in Esoteric Political History.\"\n During his inaugural address, President Joe Biden defined his agenda as an effort to preserve, protect and strengthen the foundation of our political system. \"This is democracy's day,\" the President said. For Biden, this day is about the \"cause of democracy.\" He vowed to be a president for \"all Americans.\"\n The most important element of his promise came down to unity. President Biden promised that he would listen to everyone and that, even when people disagreed, it was necessary to have conversations. That is how democracy works. The inaugural address followed through on the major themes that have defined his entire run for office. He wants to tell a story of unity and not division.\n \"Politics doesn't have to be a raging fire, destroying everything in its path,\" Biden said. \"Every disagreement doesn't have to be a cause for total war. And we must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated and even manufactured.\"\n To achieve this goal, the President faces an awesome task ahead. He will have to contend with a radicalized Republican Party that will have little interest in negotiation, let alone compromise. As he saw on January 6, and during the Obama years, the modern Republican Party has shifted far to the right and most leaders are not willing to break from the party line. They have engaged in a level of toxic, smashmouth partisanship that renders Biden's style of governing difficult to achieve.\n He also must preside in a media ecosystem that has created too much room for sensationalism, partisan journalism and falsehood. In a world of fragmented and uncontrolled information, it won't be easy getting out his message. The space that we depend on to obtain our facts about politics does not unite us; it stokes division.\n Can a president transform the basic institutional dynamics of American politics? The odds are low. But at least, unlike his predecessor, this President wants to give it a try. This was the opposite of  his predecessor's American Carnage speech. After the horrific events of January 6, this should be welcome relief to all Americans who want to get us to a better place.\n Julian Zelizer, a CNN political analyst, is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and author of the book, \"Burning Down the House: Newt Gingrich, the Fall of a Speaker, and the Rise of the New Republican Party.\" Follow him on Twitter @julianzelizer.\n President Joe Biden -- those very words sound soothing to me-- is now in office after the longest four years in Americans' living memory. In this unique match of man and moment, the American people finally have reason to hope. Biden's inaugural speech and the entire ceremony embodied a welcomed promise of truth, kindness, decency, competence and  selflessness that was so painfully absent from the outgoing administration's White House.\n From the arrival of leaders of both parties, to the swearing in of Vice President Kamala Harris, to the resplendent only-in-America diversity on stage, to Biden's speech beseeching the country to come together, the inauguration of the 46th President was a balm for a wounded nation. The one who chose to stay away was not missed.\n Biden's speech was down to Earth, genuine. It wasn't flowery or pretentious; it was sincere and moving. \"This is democracy's day,\" he declared, and who could disagree after the country managed to survive a coup attempt in that same building exactly two weeks before? This, after the outgoing president tried to overturn the result of a democratic election.\n America's recent trials only strengthened Biden's message.  He knows the truth. He understands that after four years of acrimony and lies, his earnest call for unity can sound na\u00efve.  \"I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy these days,\" he said. \"I know that the forces that divide us are deep and they are real.\" But his faith in the country is strong and, he hopes, contagious.\n The whole world was watching. One of my acquaintances on Twitter from Saudi Arabia gushed, \"the greatest nation on earth is back.\"\n Can he persuade Americans as well? Biden proved that it's possible to be uplifting and optimistic without lying -- without holding back harsh realities. Despite this \"winter of peril,\" as he called it, it's hard to avoid the sense that because of this match of man and moment, America is now in pretty good hands. The present is cloudy, but the future does look brighter, at least for today.\n Frida Ghitis, a former CNN producer and correspondent, is a world affairs columnist. She is a frequent opinion contributor to CNN, a contributing columnist to The Washington Post and a columnist for World Politics Review. Follow her on Twitter @fridaghitis.\n America needed this day. The pomp and circumstance of the inaugural proceedings reminds us that despite a deadly pandemic, racial strife, political disagreement and a deadly mob whose goal was to prevent inauguration from happening, we can still come together to celebrate and honor the peaceful transition of power in our democracy. Today was a celebration of our national story. It wasn't a celebration that sought to cover over all the problems we face as a country, or one that ignored the painful days we've been through. But it was an occasion for us to take a collective breath as a nation and look ahead toward what we all hope are better days to come.\n Joe Biden gave a unifying speech that I will remember for his call to \"end this uncivil war\" that threatens to tear our country apart. If our new president is able to do as he says and restore even some respect to the very real debates we are sure to have with one another, he will have been a success.\n I will not agree with many of the policies that Joe Biden will embrace as president. But, as he noted, this disagreement does not have to make us disagreeable. Indeed, I pray earnestly that President Biden will be able to achieve what he promised to do in his inaugural address: to bring us together, lead us out of this dim chapter in our nation's history, and to be a president for all Americans.\n Lanhee J. Chen is the David and Diane Steffy Fellow in American Public Policy Studies at the Hoover Institution and Director of Domestic Policy Studies in the Public Policy Program at Stanford University. He served as policy director to Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign and senior adviser to Marco Rubio's campaign in 2016.\n A faithful Catholic, Joe Biden began his day by going to mass with congressional leaders from both parties. Today is the Second Wednesday of Ordinary Time in the church's liturgical calendar. This means we are past the Christmas season, and not yet approaching Easter. But most Americans, no doubt, are hoping that we are in fact entering, if not ordinary time, perhaps a less tragic, less turbulent, less trying time.\n President Joseph Biden is the embodiment of Ernest Hemingway's maxim that, \"The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong in the broken places.\" He has buried a wife and an infant daughter, then an adult son. He has come back from two failed presidential campaigns, and humiliating defeats early on in the 2020 caucuses and primaries. And he is stronger at the broken places. Another son of Scranton, the late Pennsylvania Gov. Bob Casey, Sr., who had known his share of setbacks, used to tell me, \"the view from the canvas is highly educational.\" And Biden got a Ph.D. on the canvas.\n In her remarkable speech to the Democratic convention last summer, Dr. Jill Biden told us how being tempered by tragedy prepared her husband for the terrible challenges of our time: \"How do you make a broken family whole?\" she asked. \"The same way you make a nation whole: with love and understanding, and with small acts of kindness, with bravery, with unwavering truth.\"\n All of those qualities -- love and understanding, kindness, bravery and unwavering truth -- were present in Bident's magnificent, magnanimous inaugural address. Speaking with energy, conviction and optimism, Biden made a powerful case for unity, pledging, \"My whole soul is in this.\"\n I believe him. And with Biden's battle-scarred soul in this, I think the rest of us can dare to dream of a reunited States of America. That would truly make the Biden era an extraordinary time.\n Paul Begala, a Democratic strategist and CNN political commentator, was a political consultant for Bill Clinton's presidential campaign in 1992 and served as a counselor to Clinton in the White House.\n What a difference four years can make.\n I, like many Americans and allies around the world, breathed a sigh of relief on this historic day as the country turned the page on the era of Trump's \"American carnage\" to begin a new chapter in the American story. As newly sworn in President Biden reiterated in his inauguration speech, it's a story of \"hope, not fear, of unity not division, of light not darkness.\"\n Biden, at his best a unifier, struck all the right notes as he acknowledged the challenges we face as a country, but also reminded us of the resilience not only of the American people, but also of our democracy itself. He rightly called out the ills of racial injustice, public indecency and untruths and vowed that such forces of darkness would not prevail. Biden reminded us that positive change is possible as he acknowledged the powerful impact of Kamala Harris' role as the first woman Vice President. This is a moment every American should be incredibly proud of, regardless of what side of the aisle you stand on.\n The Biden administration is faced with much to repair, but it's the responsibility of we the people to preserve and protect our fragile democracy. It may have triumphed this time, but it's up to us to keep it. That work begins anew today.\n Tara Setmayer is a former GOP communications director, host of the \"Honestly Speaking with Tara\" podcast and a CNN political contributor. She is a senior adviser to the Lincoln Project.\n Standing in front of the Capitol building which was attacked by insurrectionists two weeks ago, President Joe Biden offered a defiant defense of democracy and American unity in a time of division.\n \"This is democracy's day, a day of history and hope, of renewal and resolve,\" Biden declared in a clear vigorous voice. It was an inaugural address that was a lifetime in the making but tailored to the massive challenges of our time.\n \"I know the forces that divide us are deep and they are real. But I also know they are not new,\" Biden said. \"Our history has been a constant struggle between the American ideal that we are all created equal, and the harsh ugly reality that racism, nativism, fear, demonization have long torn us apart.\" These conflicts between good and evil have taken different forms in different ages, but America has always ultimately forged a more perfect union by listening to the better angels of our nature.\n Armed with \"history, faith and reason,\" he  promised to lead by example toward the \"the way of unity...the most elusive of all things in a democracy.\" He repeated his signature campaign pledge to be \"a president for all Americans,\" cautioning that \"disagreement must not lead to disunion.\"\n Like all great inaugurals, it was an optimistic speech rooted in the new President's values. Biden spoke as a middle-class man of faith, armed with a half century of experience in government, animated by the belief that America can be both great and good. Declaring that we will \"defend the truth and defeat the lies,\" Biden sought to summon the civic and spiritual force of the United States toward the intense array of challenges we face: from disinformation proliferation to the persistence of White supremacy (which gained its first mention in an inaugural address) to the pandemic which has already killed more than 400,000 Americans and still rages. In this \"winter of peril and significant possibilities,\" Biden promised no quick fixes but instead the power of steady and honest leadership, committed to the common good.\n For a country and a Capitol that just endured the most serious domestic attack on our democracy in generations, Biden's inaugural was met with an almost palpable sense of bipartisan relief by most elected officials in Washington. We now move forward into a new day, together - not na\u00efve about the challenges we face but newly rededicated to the proposition that all Americans are created equal, knowing that our democracy endures and presidential leadership matters. Now the real work of healing -- and governing -- begins.\n John Avlon is a CNN senior political analyst.",
        "tags": [
            "carnage",
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "clintons",
            "cnn",
            "valley",
            "spangled",
            "contributor",
            "george",
            "vice",
            "w.",
            "opinion",
            "occasion",
            "elbowing",
            "view",
            "decade",
            "mask",
            "before",
            "south",
            "se",
            "confederate",
            "division",
            "amanda",
            "air",
            "american",
            "demarcation",
            "van",
            "alliance",
            "reform",
            "dc",
            "feeling",
            "building",
            "cupp",
            "silicon",
            "nostalgia",
            "washington",
            "inauguration",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "banner",
            "gaga",
            "scar",
            "president",
            "madness",
            "barack",
            "hill",
            "healing",
            "swearing",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "era",
            "anxiety",
            "insurrection",
            "journey",
            "michelle",
            "trauma",
            "throwback",
            "harris",
            "cruelty",
            "none",
            "respite",
            "asian",
            "biden",
            "bush",
            "commentary",
            "scene",
            "ceo",
            "anger",
            "january",
            "us",
            "jones",
            "gorman",
            "guest",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "1": {
        "id": "1611472231.01749",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/inside-joe-biden-oval-office/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Inside Joe Biden's newly decorated Oval Office",
        "body_text": "The press got its first glimpse of President Joe Biden's Oval Office on Wednesday, showing how in a matter of hours the office has visibly transformed in both dramatic and subtle ways to reflect the taste and politics of the officeholder.\n Most keep an eye on what's happening inside the office -- what agreements are made, what policies are announced and which foreign dignitaries stop by. But with every inch of the space on display, US presidents, their families and their staffs also meticulously choose which pieces of art are installed, what furniture is hauled in, and even which tchotchkes are placed on shelves.\n Here's how Biden has chosen to change the Oval Office.\n A portrait of Andrew Jackson, to the left of the seat at the Resolute Desk, has been replaced with a portrait of Benjamin Franklin by Joseph Duplessis. Like other works routinely lent to the White House, the portrait is on loan from the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery.\n Trump drew criticism in 2017 after holding an event in the Oval Office honoring Navajo veterans while standing in front of the portrait of Jackson -- the President who signed legislation that eventually led to the \"Trail of Tears.\"\n The Washington Post, which got a first look at the Oval's new interior decorations, reported that the Franklin portrait and a nearby moon rock set are meant to represent Biden's interest in science.\n A bronze bust of Latino civil rights leader Cesar Chavez, created by artist Paul Suarez, was also placed on the credenza behind his desk.\n Chavez sought to bring awareness to the harsh conditions of farmworkers in the US and fight for better wages. The prominent inclusion of his bust in the West Wing came the same day that Biden proposed immigration legislation that would allow undocumented farmworkers to qualify to apply for green cards immediately.\n Julie Chavez Rodriguez, the labor leader's granddaughter, is Biden's director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs.\n Elizabeth Strater, spokeswoman for the United Farm Workers -- a labor group Chavez helped found -- told the Fresno Bee that the bust was previously on display in the Visitor Center of the Cesar E. Chavez National Monument in California. Strater told the publication that Biden's transition team worked with the Cesar Chavez Foundation to ship the piece.\n Biden also prominently placed the White House collection painting \"Avenue in the Rain\" to the right of the seat at the Resolute Desk.\n The artwork, rife for metaphors, was on display in the Oval under Trump, but switched out during his term.\n The oil painting, created in 1917, was also in the Oval Office during the Obama and Clinton administrations.\n Though not entirely visible to television cameras, the Post reported that \"busts of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy flank a fireplace in the office\" -- in an apparent nod to their efforts in the civil rights movement. There are also busts of Rosa Parks, Eleanor Roosevelt and an Allan Houser sculpture depicting a horse and Chiricahua Apache rider. The sculpture, the Post said, once belonged to the late Sen. Daniel Inouye, a Democrat representing Hawaii.\n The Post report says other parts of the office now feature paintings of George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton and a bust of Daniel Webster, a former senator who defended the Union. A bust of Winston Churchill has been removed from display.\n There were two sets of objects spotted on the Resolute Desk when Biden took office that definitely reflect a transition of power: a cup and saucer set, as well as a box of pens to sign the orders.\n Trump was a Diet Coke drinker, who reportedly had a button in the Oval to summon someone to bring him soda. He was rarely photographed with a tea or coffee cup at his side.\n Trump has also long loved using thick, black markers to sign his name on official government documents -- celebrity autograph style. He originally stuck to the traditional pens used by other presidents, but at some point, switched to the Sharpie-style markers, with his golden signature printed onto its barrel.\n During the executive order signing on Wednesday, Biden was seated in a tufted, dark brown leather chair -- a switch from the thick, reddish brown executive seat Trump was last photographed sitting on inside the Oval Office. It was extremely similar, if not identical to the seat Trump used in his private office before becoming president.\n The Bidens selected at least two Clinton-era furnishings to replace Trump's selections -- a blue Oval Office rug with a floral trim and darker gold curtains, according to the Post. Other items, which may look familiar, were chosen from the White House collection, the Post says.\n Flags of the US military branches, which Trump originally added to the decor of the room, have been removed.\n Photographs behind the President typically displayed on the credenza were switched out to feature Biden's family. Many of the images show just how large the President's family is, and the images include many of the family members who accompanied him in Washington on Inauguration Day. At least one photograph features his late son, Beau.\n Trump's Challenge Coin collection, often placed on the credenza, is gone as well.\n CORRECTION: This story has been updated to accurately reflect where the portrait of Benjamin Franklin was loaned from. It was from the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery.",
        "tags": [
            "workers",
            "julie",
            "united",
            "jackson",
            "officeholder",
            "display",
            "veteran",
            "tchotchke",
            "loan",
            "trail",
            "inch",
            "andrew",
            "intergovernmental",
            "decoration",
            "duplessis",
            "center",
            "smithsonian",
            "set",
            "benjamin",
            "national",
            "joseph",
            "visitor",
            "elizabeth",
            "moon",
            "artist",
            "tears",
            "paul",
            "wing",
            "shelf",
            "institution",
            "washington",
            "portrait",
            "bee",
            "dignitary",
            "politic",
            "strater",
            "franklin",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "science",
            "bust",
            "resolute",
            "joe",
            "navajo",
            "chavez",
            "space",
            "right",
            "gallery",
            "furniture",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "leader",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "post",
            "affairs",
            "criticism",
            "farm",
            "left",
            "interest",
            "wednesday",
            "rodriguez",
            "suarez",
            "bronze",
            "legislation",
            "west",
            "fresno",
            "cesar",
            "glimpse",
            "us",
            "oval",
            "e.",
            "monument"
        ]
    },
    "2": {
        "id": "1611472231.717773",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/asia/china-trump-us-official-sanctions-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Beijing sanctions outgoing US officials as Chinese state media bids 'good riddance' to Trump",
        "body_text": "The Chinese government has announced sanctions against outgoing secretary of state Mike Pompeo and 27 other high-ranking officials under former United States President Donald Trump, accusing them of \"prejudice and hatred against China.\"\n In a strongly-worded statement published after US President Joe Biden was sworn into office in the early hours of Thursday morning, Beijing time, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said the former Trump administration officials were \"anti-China politicians\" who had undermined the relationship between the US and China.\n \"(They) have planned, promoted and executed a series of crazy moves which have gravely interfered in China's internal affairs, undermined China's interests, offended the Chinese people, and seriously disrupted China-US relations,\" the statement said.\n China's move underscores the fractious and oftentimes hostile relationship between Washington and Beijing during Trump's time in office, and comes as China's state news agency posted a message on social media proclaiming, \"Good riddance, Donald Trump!\"\n Many of the 28 outgoing and former officials sanctioned by Beijing were considered to be influential in helping to steer the Trump administration's more confrontational China policy, which saw clashes with Beijing on issues relating to trade, technology, regional security and human rights.\n Among those listed by Beijing were former trade adviser Peter Navarro; former national security adviser Robert O'Brien and his former deputy Matt Pottinger; former health secretary Alex Azar; and former US Ambassador to the United Nations Kelly Craft. Former top Trump aide Steve Bannon and former security adviser John Bolton were also included.\n The 28 former officials and their immediate family members would be banned from entering mainland China, Hong Kong or Macao according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry statement. In addition, companies and institutions associated with those named would be restricted from doing business with China.\n Navarro told CNN the sanctions were a \"badge of honor from the dictatorship that has killed millions with its virus.\" The Trump administration repeatedly insisted that China should bear sole responsibility for the coronavirus pandemic.\n Thursday's sanctions come in the wake of a series of final moves by the Trump administration targeting China, including sanctions aimed at officials and a declaration on its final day, that the Chinese government had committed genocide against Uyghur Muslims and ethnic and religious minority groups in its western region of Xinjiang.\n Just over one week earlier, on January 11, Pompeo announced the US would lift decades-old restrictions on contacts between American and Taiwanese officials, a decision which prompted threats from Beijing.\n China's decision to impose sanctions against the outgoing Trump team follow comments made by Beijing in the hours preceding Biden's inauguration, expressing hope that the new US President would \"look at China rationally and objectively.\"\n At a regular press briefing Wednesday, China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying claimed the Trump administration had made numerous \"fundamental mistakes\" during the past four years resulting in \"serious damage\" to bilateral ties.\n The Biden administration should instead, \"look at China rationally and objectively, meet China halfway and, in the spirit of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit, push China-US relations back to the right track of healthy and stable development as soon as possible,\" said Hua.\n \"If the new US administration can adopt a more rational and responsible attitude in formulating its foreign policy, I think it will be warmly welcomed by everyone in the international community,\" she added.\n Biden National Security Council spokesperson Emily Horne told CNN that imposing the sanctions on Inauguration Day appeared to be an \"attempt to play to partisan divides.\"\n \"It won't work. Americans of both parties oppose this unproductive and cynical move. President Biden looks forward to working with leaders in both parties to position America to out-compete China,\" she said.\n Chinese state-run media has been celebrating the end of the Trump administration in a series of editorials, commentaries and social media posts in recent days.\n An official Xinhua commentary, with the headline \"Farewell Trump,\" was also widely circulated online in Chinese.  \"During the past four years, people haven't seen America become great again,\" it said and, referring to the US' reputation as a beacon of democracy, added: \"The 'lighthouse' is collapsing and the myth of 'the apex' is falling apart.\"\n The parting shots marked something of a rare direct attack on the former US President. For much of the last four years, Chinese state media has avoided specifically mentioning Donald Trump in its criticism of his administration.\n In an editorial published on January 16, days before the handover of power, Xinhua bid farewell to \"the current US administration and its final madness.\"\n Outgoing Secretary of State Pompeo also came in for direct criticism, with Xinhua publishing a separate commentary titled \"Good riddance, Mike Pompeo.\" Editor of the state-run tabloid the Global Times, Hu Xijin, responded to Pompeo's labeling of China's actions in Xinjiang by saying the US diplomat was \"shameful\" and an attention seeker.\n \"You are still going to be kicked out of your office today,\" Hu said in a post to his official Twitter Wednesday.\n In comparison, China's ambassador to the US, Cui Tiankai, issued a polite statement welcoming the new Biden administration on Wednesday shortly after the US president was sworn into office.\n \"China looks forward to working with the new administration to promote sound & steady development of China-US relations and jointly address global challenges in public health, climate change & growth,\" the ambassador said on his official Twitter.\n CNN's Beijing bureau contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "pompeo",
            "united",
            "macao",
            "cnn",
            "muslims",
            "nations",
            "politician",
            "clash",
            "xinjiang",
            "affair",
            "steve",
            "hatred",
            "ministry",
            "statement",
            "ambassador",
            "deputy",
            "relation",
            "national",
            "agency",
            "navarro",
            "series",
            "hua",
            "sanction",
            "mike",
            "washington",
            "o'brien",
            "craft",
            "foreign",
            "bannon",
            "hong",
            "robert",
            "thursday",
            "issue",
            "president",
            "pottinger",
            "us",
            "kelly",
            "china",
            "azar",
            "uyghur",
            "joe",
            "right",
            "state",
            "alex",
            "proclaiming",
            "beijing",
            "kong",
            "official",
            "prejudice",
            "message",
            "policy",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "bolton",
            "government",
            "secretary",
            "medium",
            "health",
            "biden",
            "interest",
            "trade",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "technology",
            "adviser",
            "riddance",
            "chinese",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "peter",
            "relationship",
            "matt"
        ]
    },
    "3": {
        "id": "1611472232.8708968",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-rescind-1776-commission-executive-order/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden rescinds 1776 commission via executive order ",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden on Wednesday issued an executive order to dissolve the 1776 commission, a panel stood up by President Donald Trump as a rebuttal to schools applying a more accurate history curriculum around slavery in the US, Biden's transition team announced Wednesday.\n The commission had been formed as an apparent counter to The New York Times' 1619 Project, a Pulitzer Prize-winning project aimed at teaching American students about slavery that Trump, speaking last fall, had called \"toxic propaganda.\" The announcement comes just two days after the commission issued an inflammatory report on Martin Luther King Jr. Day and just hours before Biden will take over from Trump, whose time in office was marked by racist statements and actions.\n In its report released Monday, the commission asserted that \"the Civil Rights Movement was almost immediately turned to programs that ran counter to the lofty ideals of the founders,\" specifically criticizing affirmative action policies and arguing that identity politics are \"the opposite of King's hope that his children would 'live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.' \"\n Calling today's ideological divisions akin to those experienced during the Civil War, commission members also took aim at feminists and the widespread use of ethnic and racial identities in American life, arguing that they had been constructed by \"activists.\"\n \"A radical women's liberation movement reimagined America as a patriarchal system, asserting that every woman is a victim of oppression by men. The Black Power and black nationalist movements reimagined America as a white supremacist regime. Meanwhile, other activists constructed artificial groupings to further divide Americans by race, creating new categories like 'Asian American' and 'Hispanic' to teach Americans to think of themselves in terms of group identities and to rouse various groups into politically cohesive bodies,\" the report stated.\n Trump announced that he was establishing the commission last fall, following a slew of Black Lives Matter demonstrations across the country. He had blamed the school curriculum for violence that resulted from some of the protests, saying that \"the left-wing rioting and mayhem are the direct result of decades of left-wing indoctrination in our schools.\"\n Larry Arnn, the president of Hillsdale College, who had drawn criticism for his comments in 2013, when he said state officials had visited the college to see whether enough \"dark ones\" were enrolled, was chosen to chair the commission. Carol Swain, who once wrote that Islam \"poses an absolute danger to us and our children,\" was chosen as vice chair.\n Other Republicans have slammed The 1619 Project and expressed similar sentiments about the adoption of ethnic and racial identities.\n Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, introduced legislation last year that would prevent schools from teaching the curriculum. And Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, with one day left in his tenure, took to his taxpayer-funded Twitter account and denounced multiculturalism, saying it is \"not who America is.\"\n \"Woke-ism, multiculturalism, all the -isms \u2014 they're not who America is. They distort our glorious founding and what this country is all about. Our enemies stoke these divisions because they know they make us weaker,\" he wrote Tuesday.\n Nikole Hannah-Jones, the creator of The 1619 Project, said Pompeo's tweet proved the thesis of the project.\n \"When you say that multiculturalism is 'not who America is' and 'distorts our glorious founding' you unwittingly confirm the argument of the 1619 Project: That though we were ... a multiracial nation from our founding, our founders set forth a government of white rule. Cool,\" she wrote on Twitter, also saying that the Trump administration had tried to censor The 1619 Project.\n In September, Trump said the US Department of Education would investigate whether California schools were using The 1619 Project in public school curriculums, and he banned federal agencies from conducting racial sensitivity training related to \"white privilege\" and \"critical race theory.\"\n CNN's Maegan Vazquez, Jennifer Hansler, Kylie Atwood, Nicole Gaouette and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "hillsdale",
            "americans",
            "pompeo",
            "king",
            "carol",
            "counter",
            "child",
            "curriculum",
            "swain",
            "announcement",
            "program",
            "sen.",
            "york",
            "larry",
            "skin",
            "liberation",
            "statement",
            "history",
            "division",
            "american",
            "cotton",
            "school",
            "propaganda",
            "republicans",
            "rights",
            "movement",
            "mike",
            "action",
            "slavery",
            "jr.",
            "power",
            "america",
            "politic",
            "college",
            "civil",
            "panel",
            "rebuttal",
            "president",
            "character",
            "lives",
            "joe",
            "war",
            "state",
            "identity",
            "republican",
            "policy",
            "project",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "times",
            "asian",
            "arnn",
            "ideal",
            "calling",
            "luther",
            "biden",
            "content",
            "arkansas",
            "feminist",
            "commission",
            "martin",
            "wednesday",
            "color",
            "transition",
            "founder",
            "monday",
            "pulitzer",
            "tom",
            "islam",
            "aim",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "new",
            "activist"
        ]
    },
    "4": {
        "id": "1611472233.353466",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/asia/china-shijiazhuang-covid-quarantine-intl-hnk-scli/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "China builds massive Covid-19 quarantine camp for 4,000 people as outbreak continues",
        "body_text": "China is rushing to build a massive quarantine camp that can house more than 4,000 people, after an outbreak of Covid-19 this month that has left tens of millions of people under strict lockdown.\n The quarantine camp is located on the outskirts of Shijiazhuang, the provincial capital of Hebei province, which surrounds the country's capital, Beijing.\n Officials in Shijiazhuang, where the outbreak is centered, have initiated mass testing and strict lockdowns, moving entire villages into centralized quarantine facilities in a bid to curb the spread of the virus.\n The new quarantine camp will house close contacts of confirmed Covid-19 patients, as authorities continue an extensive contact tracing and testing program.\n It was originally planned to house 3,000 people, but has since been expanded to a capacity of 4,160. More than 4,000 construction workers performed \"six days' and nights' work\" to complete the first phase, said Shijiazhuang Deputy Mayor Meng Xianghong on Tuesday.\n Authorities began construction on January 13 and the first section of the camp is now complete and ready for use, while construction continues on the second phase, according to state-owned broadcaster CCTV.\n Each prefabricated room is expected to measure 18 square meters (around 194 square feet), and will come with an en-suite bathroom and shower, desks, chairs, beds, Wi-Fi, and a television set, according to CCTV.\n The ambitious task is reminiscent of earlier efforts during the initial stages of the pandemic, during which authorities built several medical facilities from scratch, including a 1,000-bed hospital in just 10 days.\n On Wednesday, China reported 144 new confirmed cases and 113 asymptomatic infections, which are counted separately. The cases are spread out over at least six provinces.\n Hebei province now has a total of 818 active locally transmitted cases, and more than 200 asymptomatic infections, the provincial health commission said on Wednesday.\n Last Wednesday, a patient died in Hebei -- the country's first Covid-19 related death in 242 days.\n The total number of confirmed Covid-19 cases in mainland China now stands at 88,557, while the official death toll is 4,635.\n In an effort to contain the outbreak, authorities placed Shijiazhuang under lockdown on January 8, with all 11 million residents barred from leaving the city.\n More than 20,000 citizens from 12 villages in Shijiangzhuang have since been relocated to other quarantine sites as a preventative measure, Chinese state media outlet CGTN reported last week.\n To date, more than 17 million people have been tested in Hebei, with authorities currently undertaking a second round of mass testing in Shijiazhuang and the cities of Xingtai and Langfang.\n Hebei authorities are now urging residents to stay at home, with officials sent to urban and rural areas to enforce measures and ensure people aren't traveling across the province and into Beijing.\n Beijing authorities have also stepped up testing and screening efforts after reporting the biggest daily jump in new in more than three weeks, with infections concentrated in Daxing district. Residents in the district are under soft lockdown, and are not allowed to leave the area unless they can provide a negative Covid-19 test within three days, according to local officials.\n More than 24,000 residents in the surrounding area have also been asked to stay at home until further notice. Meanwhile, schools citywide have been told to complete in-person learning by Saturday, and university students are being discouraged from leaving Beijing.\n In northeastern Jilin province, 102 cases have been linked to a so-called \"superspreader,\" a salesman who traveled from his home province of Heilongjiang.",
        "tags": [
            "saturday",
            "village",
            "program",
            "capacity",
            "virus",
            "meng",
            "xianghong",
            "deputy",
            "worker",
            "testing",
            "shijiangzhuang",
            "shijiazhuang",
            "bid",
            "outbreak",
            "meter",
            "contact",
            "facility",
            "tuesday",
            "mayor",
            "broadcaster",
            "china",
            "outskirt",
            "tracing",
            "officials",
            "section",
            "state",
            "hebei",
            "jilin",
            "beijing",
            "cctv",
            "night",
            "suite",
            "health",
            "authority",
            "capital",
            "million",
            "lockdown",
            "wi",
            "covid-19",
            "fi",
            "wednesday",
            "commission",
            "ten",
            "daxing",
            "patient",
            "quarantine",
            "camp",
            "province",
            "phase",
            "langfang",
            "construction",
            "heilongjiang",
            "january",
            "bathroom",
            "xingtai"
        ]
    },
    "5": {
        "id": "1611472234.369822",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-acting-agency-heads/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden names acting agency heads as key Cabinet nominees remain unconfirmed",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden on Wednesday announced a slate of acting agency heads after taking office without a single one of his Cabinet nominees in place and confirmed by the US Senate.\n \"These individuals, nearly all of whom are career civil servants, will temporarily lead federal agencies while Cabinet nominees continue moving through the confirmation process,\" White House officials said in a statement.\n Later Wednesday evening, the Senate voted to confirm Biden's first Cabinet nominee. Avril Haines, who was a national security official in the Barack Obama administration, became the first woman to step into the role of director of national intelligence.\n The Biden team had previously declined to publicly announce the officials who would take over departments in a temporary capacity because of concerns the Trump administration could attempt to thwart or complicate their work.\n The Republican-led Senate, amid the coronavirus pandemic and heightened security around the US Capitol following the recent deadly riot, had been slower to schedule confirmation hearings for Biden's nominees than it has for previous presidents. Five of Biden's national security Cabinet nominees, including Haines, faced Senate panels on Tuesday as part of the first step in the confirmation process.\n Biden said Wednesday that he was not concerned that key nominees hadn't yet been confirmed.\n \"I'm confident we can move quickly,\" the President told reporters at the White House.\n Vice President Kamala Harris on Wednesday swore in three new Democratic senators on Wednesday afternoon, which officially gave Democrats control of the Senate and could accelerate the confirmation timeline. Democrats will now be able to confirm Biden's nominees without Republican support.\n David Cohen, a deputy director of the CIA in the last years of the Obama administration, will serve as acting CIA director. Cohen is Biden's pick for deputy director of the CIA, and the President's choice for CIA director is veteran diplomat William Burns.\n David Norquist, the deputy secretary of Defense, will serve as acting Defense secretary. Biden's pick for the role is retired Gen. Lloyd Austin, the former commander of the US Central Command.\n David Huizenga, the National Nuclear Security Administration associate principal deputy administrator, will serve as the acting head of the Department of Energy. Biden's nominee for the role is former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm.\n Norris Cochran, the deputy assistant secretary of budget in the Department of Health and Human Services, will serve as the acting head of HHS. The President has chosen California Attorney General Xavier Becerra for the role.\n David Pekoske, the administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, will serve as the acting head of the Department of Homeland Security. Biden's nominee for the role is Alejandro Mayorkas, who was a deputy secretary of Homeland Security during the Obama administration.\n Monty Wilkinson, a career Justice Department lawyer and former Eric Holder deputy chief of staff, will be acting attorney general. Biden's pick to lead the Justice Department is Merrick Garland, a federal judge on the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit whom President Barack Obama nominated to the Supreme Court in 2016. Senate Republicans blocked Garland's confirmation to the high court.\n Al Stewart, the deputy assistant secretary for operations at the Department of Labor, will be the acting head of the department. Biden's pick for Labor secretary is Boston Mayor Marty Walsh.\n Dan Smith, a career foreign service officer who is the director of the Foreign Service Institute, will be the acting secretary of State. The President's pick for the role is Antony Blinken, who was deputy secretary of state in the Obama administration.\n Andy Baukol, the principal deputy assistant secretary for international monetary policy at the Treasury Department, will be the acting Treasury Secretary. Biden has picked Janet Yellen, the former chair of the Federal Reserve, to lead the department.\n Katy Kale, who served as the chief of staff of the US\u00a0General Services Administration under Obama, will serve as the acting head of the GSA.\n Steve Jurczyk, who was the associate administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, will serve as the acting head of NASA.\n Ann Eilers, the deputy chairman for management & budget at the National Endowment for the Arts, will serve as its acting head.\n Adam Wolfson, the assistant chairman for programs at the National Endowment for the Humanities, will serve as its acting head.\n Rob Fairweather, a deputy associate director at the Office of Management and Budget, will serve as the OMB's acting head. Biden's pick for the role is Neera Tanden, the CEO and president of the left-leaning Center for American Progress.\n Regina LaBelle, who was the chief of staff in the Office of National Drug Control Policy in the Obama administration, will serve as its acting head.\n Kathleen McGettigan, the chief management officer at the Office of Personnel Management, will serve as its acting head.\n Tami Perriello, who serves as the Small Business Administration's chief financial officer, will serve as the acting head of the SBA. Biden's pick for this role is Isabel Guzman, the director of California's Office of the Small Business Advocate.\n Andrew Saul, the Social Security Administration commissioner, will serve as the SSA's acting head.\n Gloria Steele, who served as deputy assistant administrator at the US Agency for International Development, will serve as USAID's acting head. Biden's pick for the role is Samantha Power, former US Ambassador to the United Nations.\n Dev Jagadesan, the deputy general counsel at US International Development Finance Corporation, will serve as its acting head.\n Richard Mills, who serves as deputy representative of the\u00a0United States\u00a0of\u00a0America\u00a0to the\u00a0United Nations, will serve as the acting head of the US Mission to the United Nations. Biden's pick for this role is career diplomat\u00a0Linda Thomas-Greenfield.\n Maria Pagan, the deputy general counsel in the Office of the United States\u00a0Trade\u00a0Representative, will serve as the acting head of the Office of the US Trade Representative. The President's pick for this role is Katherine Tai, who oversaw trade enforcement for China during the Obama administration.\n Later on Wednesday, the White House announced more acting agency heads.\n Dave Uejio, the chief strategy officer at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, will be its acting head.\n Kevin Shea, the administrator of the US Department of\u00a0Agriculture's\u00a0Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, will be the acting agriculture secretary. Biden's pick for the role is Tom Vilsack, who served as agriculture secretary for the entirety of Obama's time in the White House.\n Wynn Coggins, the deputy assistant secretary for administration at the Commerce Department, will be the acting head of the department. The President's pick for commerce secretary is Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo.\n Phil Rosenfelt, the deputy general counsel for program service at the Department of Education, will be the department's acting head. Biden has chosen Miguel Cardona, Connecticut's commissioner of education, for the role.\n Matt Ammonn, who has worked in the Department of Housing and Urban Development, will be the acting head of the department. Biden's pick to run the department is Rep. Marcia Fudge of Ohio.\n Scott de la Vega, an associate solicitor for general law at the Interior Department, will be the acting interior secretary. The President's nominee for the role is Rep. Deb Haaland of New Mexico.\n Lana Hurdle, a deputy assistant secretary at the US Department of Transportation, will be the acting transportation secretary. Biden's choice for the role is former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg.\n Dat Tran, who serves as a principal deputy assistant secretary at the Department of Veterans Affairs, will be the acting head of the VA. Biden's pick to run the department is Denis McDonough, who was Obama's chief of staff.\n Jane Nishida, a principal deputy assistant administrator at the Environmental Protection Agency, will be the acting head of the agency. Biden's pick for EPA administrator is Michael Regan, North Carolina's Department of Environmental Quality\u00a0secretary.\n Carol Spahn, a former Peace Corps country director in Malawi, will be the acting head of the Peace Corps.\n Kelu Chao, Voice of America's program director, will be the acting head of the US Agency for Global Media.\n CNN's Jeremy Herb contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "defense",
            "budget",
            "cohen",
            "cochran",
            "jennifer",
            "vice",
            "senator",
            "command",
            "individual",
            "capacity",
            "statement",
            "deputy",
            "cia",
            "role",
            "reporter",
            "national",
            "career",
            "agency",
            "confirmation",
            "afternoon",
            "timeline",
            "austin",
            "coronavirus",
            "nuclear",
            "pandemic",
            "energy",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "tuesday",
            "panel",
            "lloyd",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "process",
            "avril",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "servant",
            "nominee",
            "huizenga",
            "cabinet",
            "burns",
            "gov.",
            "official",
            "norquist",
            "harris",
            "haines",
            "republican",
            "michigan",
            "health",
            "senate",
            "david",
            "central",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "william",
            "diplomat",
            "concern",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "norris",
            "gen.",
            "granholm",
            "intelligence",
            "director",
            "security",
            "hearing",
            "us",
            "slate",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "6": {
        "id": "1611472235.321004",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/capitol-riot-barton-shively-charges/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Former Marine accused of assaulting officers during Capitol riot told FBI he 'got caught up in the moment' ",
        "body_text": "A former US Marine charged with assaulting officers during the Capitol riot told FBI investigators that he got \"caught up in the moment.\"\n Barton Shively, of Pennsylvania, who faces multiple charges in federal court in Washington, DC, was arrested Tuesday.\n The charges against him include aiding and abetting, civil disorder, forcibly assaulting, resisting, opposing, impeding or interfering with any federal officer or employee and violent entry into restricted grounds or any Capitol building, according to a criminal complaint. He has not yet entered a plea.\n Court filings that were unsealed Tuesday include an FBI bulletin with photos of people seen at the riot, and prosecutors said the FBI received a tip that one of the men pictured was Shively.\n Shively contacted local law enforcement to \"admit that he was at the US Capitol\" during the insurrection and said he wanted to self-surrender, according to a court filing.\n During an interview with the FBI in Pennsylvania, Shively said he \"got caught up in the moment,\" and grabbed a police officer by the jacket, according to the filing.\n Prosecutors also shared a screenshot of Shively appearing to shove a Capitol Police officer -- and Assistant US Attorney Scott Ford said at a hearing Tuesday that Shively \"laid his hands\" on officers.\n \"His charges are different than the majority of the people that were down in DC. He didn't just enter the Capitol unlawfully, he actually laid hands on police officers on three separate occasions,\" said Ford.\n Defense attorney Thomas Thornton said he doesn't believe there's evidence that Shively was in the Capitol itself, but said that he was on the grounds and was trampled by the crowd.\n \"Mr. Shively was a person who got a little bit carried away obviously during this situation, and was only on the grounds for a little bit over 10 minutes and then he left,\" Thornton said at the hearing.\n Ford said the FBI contacted Shively on Tuesday to tell him that an arrest warrant had been filed, asked him to come in and bring his cell phone with him.\n \"(Shively) stated, 'No, not only will I not bring it, but additionally I've already deleted everything off of that cell phone,'\" Ford told the hearing\n Thornton told CNN on Wednesday that Shively had turned his phone over to authorities on Tuesday, that the items that were deleted from it were \"videos he found on the internet,\" adding that Shively did not take any videos or pictures at the Capitol.\n \"He has cooperated fully after turning himself in,\" Thornton told CNN.\n Prosecutors noted that Shively, described in a court filing as a former US Marine, was interviewed by CNN near the Capitol on January 6.\n \"I'll tell you what happened, we broke down the barriers and we rushed 'em, we charged 'em,\" Shively told CNN's Elle Reeve.\n Reeve asked Shively what the group's end game was.\n \"What are we supposed to do? Supreme Court's not helping us. No one's helping us. Only us can help us. Only we can do it,\" Shively said in the interview.\n US Magistrate Judge Martin Carlson called allegations that Shively assaulted federal officers \"grave, grave matters,\" but allowed Shively's release from custody.\n CNN has asked prosecutors if they plan to appeal that decision.",
        "tags": [
            "defense",
            "screenshot",
            "cnn",
            "thornton",
            "occasion",
            "judge",
            "self",
            "bulletin",
            "evidence",
            "surrender",
            "disorder",
            "barton",
            "entry",
            "assistant",
            "pennsylvania",
            "investigator",
            "dc",
            "marine",
            "building",
            "law",
            "washington",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "tuesday",
            "photo",
            "tip",
            "carlson",
            "scott",
            "interview",
            "thomas",
            "magistrate",
            "prosecutor",
            "insurrection",
            "complaint",
            "crowd",
            "enforcement",
            "officer",
            "ford",
            "mr.",
            "filing",
            "majority",
            "fbi",
            "martin",
            "wednesday",
            "elle",
            "jacket",
            "charge",
            "shively",
            "attorney",
            "hearing",
            "reeve",
            "january",
            "us",
            "court",
            "plea",
            "employee"
        ]
    },
    "7": {
        "id": "1611472236.203928",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/cnn10/ten-content-thurs/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "CNN 10 - January 21, 2021",
        "body_text": "January 21, 2021\n Today's special Inauguration Day coverage brings you sights and sounds of America's transition to its 46th president. We're featuring some highlights of President Biden's inaugural address. We're covering what President Trump told supporters before his term ended. And we're quizzing you about the 20th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.\n Click here to access the printable version of today's CNN 10 transcript.\n CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact on-demand news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom. The show's priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they're making news, who is affected, and how the events fit into a complex, international society.\n Thank you for using CNN 10",
        "tags": [
            "transcript",
            "cnn",
            "demand",
            "society",
            "term",
            "constitution",
            "supporter",
            "classroom",
            "significance",
            "version",
            "inauguration",
            "america",
            "highlight",
            "broadcast",
            "president",
            "address",
            "u.s.",
            "click",
            "coverage",
            "audience",
            "seeker",
            "trump",
            "biden",
            "explanation",
            "transition",
            "sight",
            "january",
            "priority",
            "amendment"
        ]
    },
    "8": {
        "id": "1611472237.282059",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/asia/india-dragonfruit-name-intl-hnk-scli/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Indian state renames dragon fruit to avoid association with China",
        "body_text": "The Indian state of Gujarat has decided to change the name of dragon fruit, claiming that the original name was associated with China, which drew derision from the country's opposition on Wednesday.\n \"The Gujarat government has decided ... the word dragon fruit is not appropriate, and is associated with China. The fruit's shape is like a lotus, and hence we have given it a new Sanskrit name, kamalam. There is nothing political about it,\" Gujarat chief minister Vijay Rupani told media on Tuesday.\n Gujarat is the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The lotus, or kamal as it is called in Hindi, is the symbol of Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). The spiky fruit will henceforth be known as kamalam in the state, said Rupani, who is from the BJP.\n The development comes a few months after Modi had praised farmers in a radio programme for cultivating the dragon fruit in the arid region of Kutch in Gujarat.\n \"After that the farmers had approached me, and suggested changing the name of dragon fruit to kamalam,\" Vinod Chavda, the BJP Member of Parliament from Kutch, told Reuters. \"I am happy that the state has accepted the proposal.\"\n There are more than 200 farmers in Kutch alone who are growing dragon fruit over 1,500 acres, said Haresh Thakkar, a farmer from the region.\n \"The Indian name of the fruit will bring more happiness to us. We feel that the acceptance level of the fruit will also increase if it is looked upon as an Indian fruit,\" said Thakkar, who has been growing dragon fruit for five years.\n The fruit is also grown in neighbouring Maharashtra state and in northeastern India. There was no sign that local governments there were planning any name change.\n The opposition Congress called the name change a gimmick.\n \"The government has nothing worthwhile to show as achievements, and is trying to divert attention from real issues,\" Gujarat Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said.\n India and China are currently locked in a military standoff along their contested Himalayan border, after a bloody clash between troops left 20 Indian soldiers dead last June. New Delhi has responded by banning Chinese-made apps and curbing imports, with de-escalation talks appearing to have stalled.",
        "tags": [
            "bjp",
            "reuters",
            "bharatiya",
            "congress",
            "janata",
            "symbol",
            "clash",
            "level",
            "hindi",
            "gimmick",
            "parliament",
            "prime",
            "vinod",
            "india",
            "manish",
            "rupani",
            "soldier",
            "chavda",
            "region",
            "opposition",
            "june",
            "gujarat",
            "tuesday",
            "issue",
            "vijay",
            "sign",
            "attention",
            "kutch",
            "narendra",
            "arid",
            "china",
            "maharashtra",
            "modi",
            "acceptance",
            "happiness",
            "standoff",
            "state",
            "farmer",
            "lotus",
            "dragon",
            "programme",
            "government",
            "medium",
            "thakkar",
            "derision",
            "proposal",
            "delhi",
            "achievement",
            "wednesday",
            "minister",
            "sanskrit",
            "haresh",
            "acre",
            "development",
            "spokesperson",
            "chinese",
            "doshi",
            "troop",
            "new",
            "app",
            "kamalam"
        ]
    },
    "9": {
        "id": "1611472237.744961",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-harris-kids/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "These are the kids in the First and Second Families",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris weren't the only ones in their families to receive new titles on Wednesday after the Inauguration Day ceremonies.\n There were several young faces on the US Capitol platform where Biden and Harris took their respective oaths of office, and later accompanied them as they walked onto the White House grounds -- the children of the new first and second families.\n The President's grandchildren and the children in Harris' family played a special role in their campaigns. Biden's grandchildren were the ones who informed him that the presidential race had been called in his favor, a source on the campaign told CNN. And during the Democratic National Convention, Harris was officially nominated to the Democratic presidential ticket by her sister Maya, niece Meena and stepdaughter Ella Emhoff.\n Biden and Harris were flanked by their large families Wednesday for much of the day, and the President's family will have a presence inside the Oval Office -- a table behind the Resolute Desk was filled with photos of Biden's adult children and grandchildren, including a prominent photo showing a much younger Biden holding his son Beau, who died in 2015 at the age of 46.\n This is who's who among Biden's grandchildren and Harris' stepchildren, niece and great-nieces:\n Hunter Biden's daughter Naomi Biden, 27, is named after her late aunt, President Biden's late daughter. During her grandfather's campaign, she developed a presence on Twitter, sharing her thoughts on politics and offering an inside look into the life of her \"pop.\" The President's eldest grandchild, she graduated from Columbia Law School in May 2020.\n Finnegan Biden, a student at the University of Pennsylvania, often joined her grandfather on the campaign trail, particularly during the primaries. She was named after the President's mother.\n Naomi and Finnegan's younger sister, Maisy Biden, 20, is fairly active on the social media app TikTok. As the President has shared, she is good friends with former President Barack Obama's daughter Sasha, who is the same age.\n The late Beau Biden's daughter, Natalie Biden garnered social media praise for her pink coat on Inauguration Day. She also has an avid TikTok following, and in a video during the DNC, she spoke about her grandfather's habit of eating ice cream \"in the freezer so my grandma doesn't see.\"\n Robert Hunter Biden is President Biden's oldest grandson and the late Beau Biden's son. He appeared in a DNC video with his sister and cousins giving the Pledge of Allegiance.\n Beau Biden, the son of Hunter and his second wife, Melissa Cohen, was born in early spring 2020. He is named after Biden's late son.\n Ella Emhoff is Harris' stepdaughter from Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff's prior marriage. A student at Parsons School of Design and a fashion designer, she drew praise on social media for the rhinestone-studded plaid coat she wore on Inauguration Day.\n Harris' stepson Cole Emhoff, as well as Ella Emhoff, affectionately call the vice president \"Momala.\" He is based in Los Angeles and works as an executive assistant at an entertainment company.\n Meena Harris, a lawyer and CEO of the lifestyle brand Phenomenal, is the daughter of Kamala Harris' sister, Maya. The sisters inspired Meena Harris to write the children's book \"Kamala and Maya's Big Idea,\" in which two sisters work with the community to effect change, she told CNN earlier this year.\n Amara Ajagu is Meena Harris' elder daughter with husband Nikolas Ajagu and the vice president's great-niece, born in 2016. Amara was excited to attend the inauguration and has discussed her future dreams of being president and an astronaut with the vice president, as seen in Meena Harris' Instagram videos.\n The vice president's younger great-niece, Leela Ajagu was born in 2018, and she and Amara wore matching coats in honor of Kamala Harris, who had worn a similar coat as a child. Leela enjoys her mother Meena Harris' new children's book, titled \"Ambitious Girl.\"",
        "tags": [
            "child",
            "finnegan",
            "cnn",
            "cohen",
            "ceremony",
            "aunt",
            "vice",
            "mother",
            "trail",
            "twitter",
            "pledge",
            "convention",
            "oath",
            "meena",
            "platform",
            "role",
            "national",
            "race",
            "school",
            "sister",
            "sasha",
            "stepchildren",
            "pennsylvania",
            "favor",
            "ticket",
            "law",
            "praise",
            "inauguration",
            "ella",
            "source",
            "capitol",
            "video",
            "presence",
            "photo",
            "maisy",
            "robert",
            "grandfather",
            "politic",
            "president",
            "beau",
            "us",
            "barack",
            "campaign",
            "resolute",
            "joe",
            "obama",
            "adult",
            "emhoff",
            "thought",
            "harris",
            "dnc",
            "pop",
            "medium",
            "maya",
            "university",
            "gentleman",
            "niece",
            "biden",
            "allegiance",
            "daughter",
            "primary",
            "wednesday",
            "hunter",
            "melissa",
            "may",
            "tiktok",
            "naomi",
            "natalie",
            "democratic",
            "oval",
            "app",
            "grandchild",
            "columbia",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "10": {
        "id": "1611472238.603202",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/gop-senators-warn-mcconnell-backlash/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "GOP senators warn McConnell could face backlash if he votes to convict Trump ",
        "body_text": "A faction of Senate Republicans has a warning for Minority Leader Mitch McConnell: Stick with former President Donald Trump during his impeachment trial.\n McConnell, who is the longest-serving Senate Republican leader in history, has long had strong support within the Senate GOP Conference. But some say if the GOP leader votes to convict Trump, his backing will quickly wane.\n \"If he does, I don't know if he can stay as leader,\" said one senior GOP senator who said several of his colleagues held similar views and asked not to be named discussing sensitive internal politics.\n Other GOP senators were equally as blunt.\n \"No, no, no,\" Sen. Ron Johnson, a Wisconsin Republican and Trump ally, told CNN when asked if he could support McConnell if he voted to convict Trump, calling such a vote a \"dangerous precedent\" and adding: \"I don't even think we should be having a trial.\"\n McConnell has not said how he would vote in the impeachment trial, telling his colleagues and associates that he would keep an open mind and listen to the arguments presented when the trial gets underway. But he has privately contended that Trump's actions were at least impeachable -- and has made no secret about his disdain with the former President's actions in the run-up to the deadly January 6 riot at the US Capitol where pro-Trump insurrections tried to stop the congressional certification of President Joe Biden's win.\n \"The mob was fed lies,\" McConnell said Tuesday on the floor. \"They were provoked by the President and other powerful people. And they tried to use fear and violence to stop a specific proceeding of the first branch of the federal government which they did not like. But we pressed on.\"\n After 10 House Republicans broke ranks to join every Democrat to impeach Trump last week on a charge of inciting an insurrection, a number of Republican senators are taking a similar posture as McConnell -- saying they're truly undecided and will listen to the arguments -- a key sign that they could very well be swayed by the position the GOP leader ultimately takes.\n Yet in the House, a group of Trump loyalists are seeking to strip Wyoming Rep. Liz Cheney of her GOP leadership post for supporting impeachment, a predicament some Republican senators privately believe could hound McConnell if he seeks to end Trump's political career.\n McConnell, who has aligned himself with Trump's agenda for the past four years and was responsible for helping him reshape the federal judiciary and the Supreme Court, has had little interaction with Trump in recent weeks after the former President grew increasingly isolated by his efforts to overturn the elections.\n Republicans who know McConnell well believe he will take the temperature of the Senate GOP Conference and ultimately make a decision based in part on the views of his colleagues and the mood of the country when it comes time to cast the key vote.\n And some Trump loyalists say if McConnell and at least 16 of his GOP colleagues join 50 Democrats to convict the ex-President, they'll see a major backlash from the party's base that will thwart their hopes of winning back the Senate majority next year.\n \"What good comes from impeaching a guy in Florida?\" said Sen. Lindsey Graham, a friend of Trump's who spoke at length with the former President the night before Biden's inauguration. \"I think if any Republican-leader type who embraces that is doing a lot of damage to the party.\"\n Graham, a South Carolina Republican, argued that the GOP needs Trump on its side to be successful next year.\n \"For the party to move forward, we got to move the party with Donald Trump,\" Graham said in an interview. \"There's no way to be a successful Republican Party without having President Trump working with all of us and all of us working with him. That's just a fact. And I think we got a decent chance of coming back in 2022. But we can't do it without the President.\"\n Not everyone agrees -- and some Republicans are clearly signaling they are ready to bar Trump from ever seeking office again after convicting him in the trial.\n \"Such unlawful actions cannot go without consequence,\" Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a Republican of Alaska, said of Trump's actions.\n McConnell's office declined to comment. But the GOP leader's closest allies insist it's unclear where he's headed.\n Texas GOP Sen. John Cornyn, a member of the GOP leadership team, said he doesn't believe McConnell has made a decision about how he'd vote on conviction.\n \"He's said a number of times in my hearing that he has genuinely not made up his mind and would wait to see what is presented,\" Cornyn said of the GOP leader.\n Sen. Mitt Romney, the Utah Republican who was the lone GOP senator who voted to convict Trump in 2020, said McConnell has told his colleagues: \"You should vote your conscience,\" adding that the GOP leader \"has not in any way tried to pressure folks to go one way or another.\"\n \"We're asked to apply impartial justice,\" Romney said. \"We're not asked to apply impartial justice unless it hurts your party. And so my responsibility and I believe that of each of us is to do what we swear on oath to do.  And the consequences of that are difficult to predict.\"\n Other Republicans are staking out a firmer ground -- including Sen. Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican who led the failed effort to overturn Biden's electoral win in Arizona on January 6.\n \"I don't think we should be focusing on the Democrats' political retribution,\" Cruz said when asked about McConnell keeping the option open of convicting Trump.\n Freshman Sen. Tommy Tuberville, an Alabama Republican who, like Cruz, voted to overturn Biden's wins in Arizona and Pennsylvania after the riot, argued that the GOP needed to stay united during the trial.\n \"I'm not for the trial,\" Tuberville said. \"You're going to impeach a guy who's not even in town anymore?\"\n Asked what it would mean for the party if Republicans joined Democrats to convict Trump, Tuberville said: \"It wouldn't be good. The whole thing is about a team, and if you start separating the team, then it just tears it up.\"\n While many GOP senators are undecided, it's clear that McConnell's vote remains the most influential.\n Sen. Kevin Cramer, a North Dakota Republican, said many Republican senators view McConnell as \"certainly iconic, I mean the guy's a Senate legend and rightfully so.\"\n But he discounted that McConnell's vote would have much of an impact on the party's electoral prospects.\n \"The party's not going to be defined by his one vote,\" Cramer said. \"Out in the states people are going to judge based on how their senator votes. Not on how Kentucky's senior senator votes.\"\n CNN's Ali Zaslav and Lauren Koenig contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "colleague",
            "certification",
            "cnn",
            "murkowski",
            "senator",
            "sen.",
            "mitch",
            "view",
            "wisconsin",
            "ally",
            "south",
            "proceeding",
            "history",
            "rep.",
            "carolina",
            "posture",
            "minority",
            "fed",
            "republicans",
            "backing",
            "lisa",
            "liz",
            "conference",
            "action",
            "rank",
            "ron",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "graham",
            "impeachment",
            "tuesday",
            "politic",
            "vote",
            "precedent",
            "riot",
            "violence",
            "president",
            "argument",
            "wyoming",
            "insurrection",
            "cornyn",
            "joe",
            "johnson",
            "cheney",
            "lindsey",
            "republican",
            "democrat",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "leader",
            "ex",
            "associate",
            "government",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "mcconnell",
            "secret",
            "disdain",
            "gop",
            "mitt",
            "trial",
            "faction",
            "texas",
            "mob",
            "charge",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "court",
            "warning",
            "up",
            "florida",
            "alaska"
        ]
    },
    "11": {
        "id": "1611472239.198881",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/michael-ellis-administrative-leave/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Last-minute Trump appointee at NSA put on administrative leave due to inspector general probe",
        "body_text": "National Security Agency General Counsel Michael Ellis, who was installed by former President Donald Trump during his final days in office, was put on administrative leave Wednesday because his appointment is now the subject of a Department of Defense inspector general investigation, a source familiar with the investigation told CNN.\n House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Sunday demanded former acting Defense Secretary Christopher Miller \"immediately cease\" his plans to install the Trump loyalist as the NSA's general counsel. She called the move \"highly suspect\" and argued it represents a \"disturbing disregard\" for the country's national security.\n \"I ask that you immediately cease plans to improperly install Michael Ellis as the new NSA General Counsel,\" Pelosi wrote in a letter to Miller on Sunday.\n The California Democrat also said she was calling for a probe \"into the circumstances of the NSA General Counsel selection process\" by the department's acting inspector general.\n \"The circumstances and timing -- immediately after President Trump's defeat in the election -- of the selection of Mr. Ellis, and this eleventh-hour effort to push this placement in the last three days of this Administration are highly suspect,\" the letter read.\n Ellis had officially started in his role as NSA general counsel on Tuesday. CNN has reached out to Ellis and the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General.\n The last-minute installation of Ellis drew considerable scrutiny because the role of general counsel at the country's largest intelligence agency is a civil service position, not a political role, meaning it could be difficult for the Biden administration to remove Ellis.\n The strategy of trying to install political loyalists into career positions is known as \"burrowing\" in the government.\n Democratic Sens. Mark Warner and Jack Reed had requested an investigation from the Pentagon's acting inspector general within days of Ellis being picked for the job in November, which came shortly after Trump fired then-Defense Secretary Mark Esper via Twitter.\n \"The combination of timing, comparative lack of experience of the candidate, the reported qualifications of the other finalists, and press accounts of White House involvement create a perception that political influence or considerations may have played an undue role in a merit-based civil service selection process,\" they wrote in a letter at the time.\n Before joining the Trump administration, Ellis served as the head counsel to California Rep. Devin Nunes, a Republican who is one of Trump's staunchest supporters.\n Ellis then became a lawyer with the National Security Council, refusing to testify as part of the House's 2019 impeachment inquiry. In March 2020, Ellis became the senior director for intelligence on the NSC, joining other Trump loyalists in key intelligence positions.\n This story has been updated with additional information Wednesday.",
        "tags": [
            "ellis",
            "nsa",
            "defense",
            "service",
            "jack",
            "cnn",
            "selection",
            "nancy",
            "counsel",
            "twitter",
            "installation",
            "probe",
            "election",
            "sunday",
            "inspector",
            "role",
            "march",
            "national",
            "rep.",
            "agency",
            "career",
            "pelosi",
            "nunes",
            "combination",
            "michael",
            "christopher",
            "pentagon",
            "source",
            "circumstance",
            "placement",
            "tuesday",
            "reed",
            "scrutiny",
            "president",
            "california",
            "sens",
            "process",
            "council",
            "disregard",
            "appointment",
            "republican",
            "democrat",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "government",
            "strategy",
            "mr.",
            "miller",
            "biden",
            "november",
            "nsc",
            "speaker",
            "loyalist",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "investigation",
            "defeat",
            "intelligence",
            "devin",
            "warner",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "esper",
            "plan",
            "timing",
            "effort"
        ]
    },
    "12": {
        "id": "1611472240.694792",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/donald-trump-destroy-gop-patriot-party/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "How Donald Trump could destroy the GOP, in 1 easy step",
        "body_text": "Moments before Donald Trump boarded Air Force One for the final time on Wednesday morning, he offered this cryptic message to his supporters:\n \"We will be back in some form. Have a good life.\"\n Which, undoubtedly, struck fear in the hearts of every Republican politician (See: \"McConnell, Mitch\") who has spent the last days and weeks trying to ensure that Trump never, ever comes back.\n While trying to decipher what Trump means -- you're coming back but also we should have a good life? -- is no simple task, there was a hint of what he might have been talking about in the news on Tuesday night.\n Trump, according to The Wall Street Journal, is considering the possibility of starting a new party, which he has contemplated calling the \"Patriot Party.\"\n If Trump is serious about starting a party to rival the GOP (and Democrats), it would be an utter disaster for Republicans.\n As WSJ's Andrew Restuccia noted:\n \"The president has a large base of supporters, some of whom were not deeply involved in Republican politics prior to Mr. Trump's 2016 campaign.\"\n Yes, yes, he does. And if Trump urges all of those supporters to flock to a more Trumpian party than he believes the Republican Party is positioned to be, it immediately splits the traditional GOP vote into two factions. And neither of those factions is large enough to be a majority in a general election.\n A Trump-backed splintering of the Republican base --\u00a0 or, even worse, an open war between the Trump party and the GOP -- could cripple the chances of conservatives regaining power in Washington not for months, but for years.",
        "tags": [
            "restuccia",
            "politician",
            "journal",
            "mitch",
            "andrew",
            "election",
            "patriot",
            "air",
            "supporter",
            "disaster",
            "republicans",
            "possibility",
            "washington",
            "power",
            "politic",
            "tuesday",
            "vote",
            "conservative",
            "president",
            "campaign",
            "wsj",
            "war",
            "message",
            "task",
            "wall",
            "night",
            "republican",
            "trump",
            "mr.",
            "mean",
            "democrats",
            "majority",
            "mcconnell",
            "wednesday",
            "gop",
            "hint",
            "faction",
            "donald",
            "splintering"
        ]
    },
    "13": {
        "id": "1611472241.593473",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/trump-letter-to-biden/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden says Trump left him a 'very generous letter' before departing White House ",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden said Wednesday that former President Donald Trump left him a \"very generous letter\" before departing the White House.\n Biden, speaking from the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office after signing Day One executive orders, said he would not immediately reveal the contents of the letter out of respect for Trump.\n \"The President wrote a very generous letter,\" Biden told reporters. \"Because it was private, I will not talk about it until I talk to him, but it was generous.\"\n A senior Trump aide described the letter to CNN as a \"personal note\" that prays for the success of the country and the new administration to care for the country. The aide said writing the letter to Biden was one of the many items on Trump's list in the Oval Office Tuesday night.\n It is a modern tradition for outgoing presidents to write their successors a letter and leave it for them on the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office.\n Trump did not show the note he left Biden to many of his aides, according to one person.\n In a briefing Wednesday night, White House press secretary Jen Psaki declined to offer more details on the letter Trump left for Biden, telling reporters that, based on comments from Biden, \"this is a letter that was private, as he said to you all, it was both generous and gracious, and it was just a reflection of him not planning to release the letter unilaterally.\"\n While it may seem surprising Trump upheld this tradition when he ignored every other element of a peaceful handoff, it is in keeping with his past enthusiasm at the letter he received from President Barack Obama.\n Trump was so taken with Obama's letter that he tried phoning him as soon as he read it on Inauguration Day in 2017. But Obama was still flying to Palm Springs on the presidential aircraft and couldn't take the call.\n When one of Obama's aides reached back out to the White House to return the call, the new President's staffers said Trump just wanted to say thank you for the note -- and wanted Obama to get the message. The men never connected directly.\n \"It was long. It was complex. It was thoughtful,\" Trump said of the letter the week after taking office in an interview with ABC News. \"And it took time to do it, and I appreciated it.\"\n Later, he showed off the letter to visitors in the Oval Office.\n In his farewell address on Wednesday, Trump did not name Biden, but said he wished the \"new administration great luck and great success.\"\n This comes after Trump spent months lying about the presidential election being rigged against him and spreading baseless conspiracy theories about voter fraud. He incited a violent mob to storm the US Capitol, which left five people dead including a Capitol Police officer. He was recently impeached by the House of Representatives for his role in inciting that deadly Capitol attack, and there will be a trial in the US Senate.\n Former Vice President Mike Pence also left a letter for Vice President Kamala Harris. Pence attended Biden's inauguration, and as he was departing the US Capitol after the ceremony, Pence and former second lady Karen Pence shared a laugh with Harris and her husband, Doug Emhoff.",
        "tags": [
            "respect",
            "representatives",
            "cnn",
            "vice",
            "reflection",
            "briefing",
            "element",
            "success",
            "election",
            "tradition",
            "reporter",
            "detail",
            "visitor",
            "palm",
            "note",
            "successor",
            "mike",
            "inauguration",
            "capitol",
            "aircraft",
            "tuesday",
            "comment",
            "psaki",
            "pence",
            "president",
            "item",
            "barack",
            "interview",
            "address",
            "karen",
            "springs",
            "resolute",
            "joe",
            "obama",
            "emhoff",
            "enthusiasm",
            "message",
            "night",
            "harris",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "secretary",
            "content",
            "biden",
            "conspiracy",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "staffer",
            "jen",
            "handoff",
            "abc",
            "aide",
            "donald",
            "doug",
            "us",
            "oval",
            "executive",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "14": {
        "id": "1611472242.309119",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/business/biden-keystone-paris-climate-arctic/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "From Keystone XL to Paris Agreement, Joe Biden signals a shift away from fossil fuels",
        "body_text": "America's energy policy is getting an extreme makeover.\n President Joe Biden is wasting no time undoing the Trump administration's efforts to prop up fossil fuels and deny the existence of a climate crisis.\n On his first day in the White House, Biden took a series of executive actions that put an exclamation point on his commitment to address climate change. Biden immediately moved to rejoin the Paris Agreement on climate change, revoke a permit that former President Donald Trump granted to the controversial Keystone XL pipeline and place a temporary moratorium on oil and gas leasing in the Arctic.\n The steps underscore just how sharply US climate policy is changing, not only from the Trump era but even from the approach of the Obama administration in which Biden played a major role.\n \"The era of supporting fossil fuels, even as a temporary bridge to a clean future, is over,\" said Bob McNally, president of consulting firm Rapidan Energy Group. \"The United States has shifted from all-of-the-above to accelerated decarbonization.\"\n By contrast, Trump was a fierce advocate for the fossil fuels industry. Among other steps, Trump gutted environmental regulations, attempted to bail out coal miners, installed a former coal lobbyist to lead the EPA and helped broker a deal with OPEC to rescue shale oil producers.\n Even during the Obama administration, the United States supported natural gas as a cleaner alternative to coal. But gas is now falling out of favor in Washington, too.\n Climate activists celebrated Biden's Day One moves -- and promised to press for much more.\n \"This is swift and decisive action. It makes the United States once more part of the global climate solution -- not the problem,\" Mitchell Bernard, president of the National Resources Defense Council, said in a statement Wednesday.\n Many scientists fear the United States, and the world, lost valuable time during the Trump era in combating the worsening climate crisis.\n May Boeve, executive director of environmental group 350.org, vowed to \"ensure\" Biden \"stops all harmful fossil fuel infrastructure,\" including the Dakota Access Pipeline and other projects.\n Tom Werner, CEO of solar technology and energy storage company SunPower, applauded Biden's executive actions and expressed hope for additional steps, including support for minority-owned clean energy businesses and streamlining project permitting.\n \"It's inspiring to have leaders in office who squarely put clean energy and the environment as one of the most urgent and top priorities,\" Werner told CNN Business in an email.\n At least one Big Oil CEO cheered as well.\n \"I applaud President Biden's decision to rejoin the Paris Agreement. It's a deal made stronger with the United States as a member, and we look forward to working with the administration to meet the goals outlined within it,\" Gretchen Watkins, president of the Shell Oil Company, said in a statement.\n However, some Republicans and oil industry executives immediately bashed Biden's moves.\n \"Killing the Keystone XL pipeline and rejoining the Paris Agreement will eliminate good-paying jobs,\" US Senator Shelley Moore Capito, a Republican from West Virginia, said in a statement. She said it is \"imperative that Congress aggressively exercises oversight and pushes back on the worst impulses of Washington bureaucrats.\"\n Mike Sommers, the CEO of the American Petroleum Institute, said in a statement the oil-and-gas lobby supports the \"ambitions\" of the Paris Agreement. Sommers also emphasized that the world needs natural gas, including expanded liquefied natural gas (LNG), to make the transition to cleaner fuels.\n However, Sommers slammed Biden's decision to revoke the Keystone XL pipeline permit as a \"misguided move\" and a \"slap in the face\" to union workers supporting the project. Sommers called it a \"significant step backwards both for environmental progress and our economic recovery.\"\n Keystone XL has been a political football between climate activists and the oil industry. The planned pipeline would carry oil from the tar sands of Canada into the United States.\n TC Energy (TRP), the Canadian company building the pipeline, called the Biden decision \"very disappointing\" and said it will cause the project to be suspended.\n Andrew Grant, head of climate, energy and industry research at Carbon Tracker, said the decision to stop Keystone XL makes sense based purely on economics.\n \"It's high-cost and high-carbon. If we're serious about hitting the Paris climate goals, this is exactly the kind of oil [project] that shouldn't be going ahead,\" Grant said.\n Energy analysts said the consequences of the Keystone XL decision are far larger for Canada than for US consumers.\n \"We're awash in oil right now. We have a glut,\" said McNally, the Rapidan Energy consultant. \"We don't desperately need that oil.\"\n Still, the move marks a shift from Trump's efforts to advance oil pipelines and support the industry broadly.\n Last spring, with oil prices crashing and the shale industry on the brink, Trump pressured Russia and Saudi Arabia to end their oil price dispute. OPEC and its allies eventually agreed to unprecedented production cuts that stopped the bleeding.\n \"Donald Trump came in and helped save shale's bacon by intervening,\" said McNally.\n Trump also knew he couldn't afford to lose political support in major energy-producing states such as Texas.\n Similarly, Biden will face a difficult challenge in balancing the need to address the climate crisis without worsening the jobs crisis facing the United States.\n \"The Biden coalition is a very tenuous alliance between progressive environmentalists and organized labor,\" Josh Price, senior analyst at Height Capital Markets, said in an email.\n The Biden plan calls for pouring trillions of dollars into clean energy, creating millions of union jobs while slashing carbon emissions.\n However, Biden's legislative climate is in jeopardy because Democrats only have a slim majority in both houses of Congress. Moderate Democrats, including West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin, are unlikely to back sweeping climate action such as the Green New Deal or steps to strip the oil industry of tax breaks.\n \"The Biden team and environmental advocates in Congress will need to take stock of their assets and go back to the drawing board for a feasible plan,\" Price said.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "defense",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "makeover",
            "werner",
            "boeve",
            "moratorium",
            "role",
            "national",
            "leasing",
            "keystone",
            "republicans",
            "series",
            "crisis",
            "industry",
            "contrast",
            "mcnally",
            "energy",
            "washington",
            "existence",
            "action",
            "rapidan",
            "fuel",
            "america",
            "regulation",
            "gas",
            "agreement",
            "permit",
            "president",
            "xl",
            "bernard",
            "us",
            "watkins",
            "climate",
            "council",
            "bob",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "company",
            "fossil",
            "address",
            "era",
            "commitment",
            "decarbonization",
            "advocate",
            "dakota",
            "arctic",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "resources",
            "gretchen",
            "mitchell",
            "exclamation",
            "biden",
            "pipeline",
            "paris",
            "wednesday",
            "shell",
            "administration",
            "opec",
            "may",
            "approach",
            "ceo",
            "tom",
            "350.org",
            "effort",
            "donald",
            "epa",
            "sunpower",
            "access",
            "firm"
        ]
    },
    "15": {
        "id": "1611472242.808168",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/middleeast/dubai-sustainable-city-food-experiment-spc-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "For one year, this man is eating only what's grown at Dubai's Sustainable City",
        "body_text": "Landscape architect Phil Dunn has taken on an ambitious challenge. For one year, he is basing his diet on food grown in his local community, in an effort to highlight the issues of food sustainability and food waste.\n A resident of Dubai's Sustainable City neighborhood, Dunn calls the experiment he began last November \"The Sustainable Human Project.\" \"(It) is a combination between a personal challenge for my 49th birthday and a project exploring food security and urban farming,\" he tells CNN.\n Dunn -- a Canadian national -- plans to create a small-scale example of a circular economy -- aiming to produce, consume and recycle locally. It's made much easier by the fact that he lives in a community purpose-built to promote a sustainable lifestyle.\n As well as more than 500 houses, the Sustainable City is home to 11 biodome greenhouses, where the community's management grows up to 1 million pots of leafy produce annually, including chives and chicory. The produce is given to residents or sold at local markets.\n Residents can also catch fish at the community tank, breed chickens that provide them with eggs, and rent private plots in communal gardens to grow their own produce. Here, Dunn cultivates cherry tomatoes, lettuces and radishes.\n For produce that cannot be grown at the Sustainable City, such as olive oil, rice and sugar, he's bartering with other residents. In exchange for those foods, Dunn supplies products he has made from recycled wood left over from his gardening work.\n \"Following a circular economy idea, I turned construction wood into urban farming tools like planters and water tanks, so I can trade with the residents,\" he explains.\n Read more: How to grow tomatoes in the Arabian Desert\n The idea of a circular economy is based on reusing and recycling products and materials used for things like food production, transport and clothing. The sector could generate $4.5 trillion of global economic growth by 2030, according to research by Accenture.\n The UN estimates that globally, 1.3 billion metric tons of edible food is lost each year. By eating food grown in the community, Dunn wants to avoid the waste associated with commercial production and transportation.\n \"I thought it was more about gardening,\" Dunn says of the project, \"but it's really about growing a community. It's been a fantastic experience of social building. For circular economy, it's so important everybody reduces, re-uses and recycles.\"\n Established in 2015 by Dubai-based Diamond Developers, the Sustainable City extends over 46 hectares in the outskirts of Dubai. The emirate's first net zero-energy development, it is meant to foster a community around social, environmental and economic sustainability.\n It is surrounded by 2,500 trees serving as a buffer zone to protect the community from pollutants, offers 3,000 square meters for urban farming, and powers all its buildings and parking lots using solar panels.\n The Sustainable City is testing out new technologies that can help establish a circular economy, including vertical farms -- a way of growing food indoors, without soil and typically using LED lights instead of natural light.\n \"We've seen a quantum leap in indoor vertical farming,\" says Karim El-Jisr, chief sustainability officer at Diamond Developers. \"It's about controlling the climate, controlling the light with the least amount of energy. This is where technology comes in and why it's so fitting to do this in cities.\"\n The Sustainable City is also introducing electric car-sharing for all residents and it's exploring prototype projects to harvest humidity and make water out of the air. El-Jisr says cities are full of spaces, such as rooftops and basements, that can be repurposed to play a role to play in the circular economy.\n As well as reducing waste, growing food in cities can improve food security. The UAE imports around 90% of its food, and solutions like the ones adopted within the Sustainable City could help towards food independence.\n While Dubai still has a long way to go, Dunn's goal is to raise awareness around food production.\n \"I hope this challenge is a catalyst for others to start taking control of where their food is grown, understand local food systems and to explore local production,\" he says.",
        "tags": [
            "el",
            "architect",
            "greenhouse",
            "cnn",
            "diet",
            "challenge",
            "community",
            "phil",
            "experiment",
            "national",
            "farming",
            "combination",
            "chicory",
            "leafy",
            "accenture",
            "resident",
            "pot",
            "landscape",
            "issue",
            "neighborhood",
            "waste",
            "sustainable",
            "dubai",
            "karim",
            "jisr",
            "lifestyle",
            "arabian",
            "dunn",
            "project",
            "developers",
            "chive",
            "tank",
            "human",
            "november",
            "management",
            "diamond",
            "birthday",
            "purpose",
            "sustainability",
            "un",
            "desert",
            "uae",
            "scale",
            "recycle",
            "effort",
            "security",
            "plan",
            "economy"
        ]
    },
    "16": {
        "id": "1611472243.797471",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-jerome-adams-surgeon-general-resign/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "US Surgeon General Jerome Adams asked to step down by Biden team",
        "body_text": "US Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams said Wednesday that he has been asked to leave his role as the nation's top doctor by incoming President Joe Biden's team\n \"I've been asked by the Biden team to step down as Surgeon General. Its been the honor of my life to serve this Nation, and I will do all I can to ensure everyone has an equal opportunity to achieve and maintain health,\" Adams tweeted.\n The Washington Post had first reported Wednesday that Biden was expected to ask for Adams' resignation and select an acting surgeon general while his permanent pick for the role \u2014 Dr. Vivek Murthy \u2014 undergoes Senate confirmation. The Biden administration has asked Adams to stay on as an adviser, Jeff Zients, the coordinator of the White House's Covid-19 task force, told reporters. CNN has reached out to the Department of Health and Human Services about whether he's accepted.\n Biden last month announced he will nominate Murthy as US surgeon general, a role Murthy held for about two years under the Obama administration until he was asked to resign by the Trump White House in 2017.\n President Donald Trump's White House had requested Murthy resign with about two years remaining in his standard four-year term, a dismissal some Democrats criticized at the time as politicizing the position.\n Trump then nominated Adams, an anesthesiologist who previously served as the Indiana state health commissioner, to the job in 2017. Adams' four-year term was set to expire in September.\n Adams is one of several Trump officials involved in the President's Covid-19 task force asked to step down as the Biden's team takes over the federal response to the pandemic.\n In a statement shared on Facebook Wednesday, Adams thanked his staff and defended his time as one of Trump's most visible spokespeople in informing Americans about the pandemic, sometimes contradicting the President.\n \"In the face of a once in a century pandemic, I sought to communicate the rapidly evolving science on this deadly adversary, and arm people with the knowledge and tools they needed to stay safe,\" he wrote. \"I wasn't always right -- because no one was, and this virus continues to humble all of us -- but I was always sincere in my efforts to speak to every day Americans, and address the terrible health inequities this virus exposed.\"\n The Post also reported that in choosing an acting surgeon general, the Biden administration will bypass Deputy Surgeon General Dr. Erica Schwartz, a rear admiral who plans on retiring in light of being passed over. Schwartz did not respond to the Post's request for comment. A top Trump administration official confirmed to the Post that Schwartz is retiring.\n If confirmed by the US Senate, Murthy would play a key role in the administration's response to the Covid-19 pandemic.\n Murthy has been a top health adviser to Biden since the campaign. He was part of Biden's public health advisory committee when the Covid-19 pandemic first hit the US and has been serving as a co-chair of Biden's coronavirus advisory board during the presidential transition.\n The incoming Biden administration is hoping to move into a \"new phase\" of the federal government's coronavirus response, including naming a new task force and retiring the \"Operation Warp Speed\" moniker under Trump for the vaccine effort.\n Biden has picked Dr. David Kessler to be the chief scientific officer of the Covid response, taking over for Moncef Slaoui, who has led the effort during the Trump administration. Slaoui has agreed to stay on another month to \"ensure a smooth transition,\" a Biden transition official told CNN.\n Biden has asked Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, to also serve as his chief medical adviser on Covid-19.\n CORRECTION: A previous version of this story misidentified Deputy Surgeon General Erica Schwartz. She is a rear admiral with the US Public Health Service (USPHS) Commissioned Corps.\n CNN's Ben Tinker, Arlette Saenz, Jeff Zeleny and Kate Sullivan contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "vivek",
            "cnn",
            "doctor",
            "knowledge",
            "indiana",
            "virus",
            "adversary",
            "statement",
            "deputy",
            "role",
            "term",
            "schwartz",
            "reporter",
            "confirmation",
            "inequity",
            "moncef",
            "commissioner",
            "staff",
            "anesthesiologist",
            "advisory",
            "erica",
            "kessler",
            "anthony",
            "resignation",
            "coordinator",
            "coronavirus",
            "slaoui",
            "pandemic",
            "washington",
            "committee",
            "operation",
            "president",
            "science",
            "us",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "dr.",
            "warp",
            "state",
            "opportunity",
            "task",
            "official",
            "health",
            "century",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "david",
            "human",
            "dismissal",
            "jerome",
            "post",
            "surgeon",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "jeff",
            "covid-19",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "facebook",
            "administration",
            "adviser",
            "spokespeople",
            "murthy",
            "honor",
            "adams",
            "donald",
            "zients",
            "services",
            "fauci",
            "response",
            "effort",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "17": {
        "id": "1611472244.4197109",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/entertainment/jennifer-lopez-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Lady Gaga and Jennifer Lopez perform at the inauguration",
        "body_text": "Lady Gaga and Jennifer Lopez delivered powerful performances at Wednesday's inauguration.\n Gaga sang the national anthem, while Lopez performed a medley of patriotic songs that included \"This Land Is Your Land.\"\n Leading up the the event, Lopez shared a picture with National Guard troops near the Capitol, which she shared on Instagram.\n \"What an honor to spend a few moments with these brave men and women. Thank you for your service and sacrifice. I honor you today and everyday. Tomorrow I sing for you and all Americans,\" she captioned it.\n Garth Brooks and John Legend will also perform as part of the celebration.\n Chrissy Teigen joked she and Legend got lost on the way to sound check on Tuesday night, and ended up posing for a few photos with troops.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "americans",
            "jennifer",
            "lopez",
            "instagram",
            "national",
            "chrissy",
            "guard",
            "sacrifice",
            "inauguration",
            "garth",
            "anthem",
            "capitol",
            "tuesday",
            "gaga",
            "photo",
            "song",
            "teigen",
            "legend",
            "night",
            "john",
            "performance",
            "wednesday",
            "brooks",
            "check",
            "everyday",
            "honor",
            "troop",
            "medley",
            "celebration"
        ]
    },
    "18": {
        "id": "1611472244.93228",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/timothy-harleth-white-house-chief-usher/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Bidens quickly fire White House chief usher installed by Trump",
        "body_text": "The Bidens moved quickly on Wednesday to fire White House chief usher Timothy Harleth, who was installed by the Trumps, two sources with knowledge have confirmed to CNN.\n Harleth was hired by Melania Trump in 2017 to fill the important role of chief usher. Harleth came to the White House from Trump International Hotel DC, where he was rooms manager.\n First lady Jill Biden's office did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment.\n Harleth took the place of Angella Reid, who was hired during the Obama administration. Reid made history when she took the job in 2011 as the first woman to serve in the position. She was previously the general manager at the Ritz Carlton in Pentagon City, just outside Washington.\n She was let go by the Trumps a few months after they took over the White House.\n Chief ushers can stay through multiple administrations, however Harleth's firing did not come as a surprise to several sources inside the White House.\n A Biden White House official confirmed Harleth's departure, but added, \"he was let go before the Bidens arrived\" at the White House.\n \"It has been an honor to serve as Chief Usher, a position whose loyalty is not to a specific president, but rather to the institution of the presidency. I am proud that I had the opportunity to lead the Residence Staff to receive the incoming First Family with the utmost respect and dignity,\" Harleth said in a statement to The New York Times.\n The White House usher is responsible for the management of the building and oversees residence staff. \"Construction, maintenance, remodeling, food, as well as the administrative, fiscal and personnel functions\" fall under the role's responsibilities, according to the White House Historical Association.\n Reid was the White House's ninth usher and the second African American.\n The chief usher and residence staff are not political positions, and it's highly unusual for someone to leave at the beginning of a new administration.\n Stephen Rochon, who was the chief usher from 2007 to 2011, said the Trump transition team asked him to come back \"to run the house,\" but he declined due to family reasons.\n \"It really doesn't matter who is president, or what party is in office,\" Rochon said. \"The permanent staff averages 25 years -- one staffer was there for 50 years.\"\n This story has been updated with additional reporting and a statement from Harleth.\n CNN's Betsy Klein contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "ritz",
            "respect",
            "cnn",
            "chief",
            "timothy",
            "angella",
            "knowledge",
            "manager",
            "melania",
            "york",
            "request",
            "presidency",
            "remodeling",
            "statement",
            "role",
            "history",
            "association",
            "american",
            "trumps",
            "usher",
            "historical",
            "dc",
            "loyalty",
            "klein",
            "building",
            "jill",
            "institution",
            "washington",
            "pentagon",
            "source",
            "maintenance",
            "residence",
            "comment",
            "betsy",
            "president",
            "obama",
            "harleth",
            "firing",
            "carlton",
            "stephen",
            "opportunity",
            "international",
            "official",
            "trump",
            "times",
            "first",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "management",
            "personnel",
            "rochon",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "african",
            "dignity",
            "honor",
            "construction",
            "departure",
            "hotel",
            "new",
            "reid",
            "bidens"
        ]
    },
    "19": {
        "id": "1611472245.554573",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-inauguration-notable-moments/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "An inauguration like no other: Notable moments of a momentous day",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden's inauguration on Wednesday looked a bit different from past ceremonies ushering in a new administration.\n The day's historic events navigated heightened security measures in Washington, DC, Covid-19 precautions and the absence of the outgoing President, the first time that's happened in more than a century and a half.\n Still, the unprecedented day closed with fireworks and messages of unity and hope.\n Here are the  highlights from the inauguration of America's 46th president:\n Though former President Donald Trump did not attend Biden's swearing-in ceremony, he was publicly seen several times, including when he left the White House as president for the last time shortly after 8 a.m. ET.\n Before boarding Marine One with the former first lady, Trump told reporters at the White House it was a \"great honor\" to serve as 45th President of the United States before saying goodbye.\n Trump also held a final farewell ceremony, where both he and former first lady Melania Trump delivered remarks.\n The former President thanked his family and chief of staff, and promised to \"always fight.\" He also wished the incoming Biden administration \"great luck,\" though he didn't mention his successor by name.\n Melania Trump, meanwhile, told attendees that \"being your first lady was my greatest honor.\" The two then boarded Air Force One for the last time just before 9 a.m., taking the presidential plane to their Florida home.\n Just after the Trumps boarded Air Force One, Biden and first lady Jill Biden headed over to Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in DC, where they attended mass with their family, Vice President Kamala Harris and her family. They were joined by the congressional leaders of both parties.\n Incoming presidents typically attend services on the morning of their inauguration, often at St. John's Episcopal Church, a small church across Lafayette Square from the White House known as \"The Church of the Presidents.\"\n Biden arrived at the US Capitol shortly after 11 a.m. and Harris and her husband, Doug Emhoff, accompanied him and Jill Biden up the steps of the iconic building.\n When Biden arrived at the inauguration stage, he greeted his predecessor and former boss, former President Barack Obama, on his way to his seat. He received a lengthy ovation from those gathered on the stage and sat down at 11:19 a.m.\n As she walked to her seat on the inaugural stage, Harris shared double fist bumps with Obama.\n The gesture, exchanged shortly before Harris was sworn in as vice president, carried symbolic weight as Obama and Harris made history as the first African Americans to serve as president and vice president, respectively.\n Harris similarly fist bumped Michelle Obama, who made history as the country's first African American first lady.\n Harris took the oath of office at 11:42 a.m. She used two Bibles during the oath, which was administered by Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor.\n Harris officially became the first female, first Black and first South Asian vice president at noon.\n Biden completed his oath of office at 11:48  a.m., using a treasured family Bible that dates to the 19th century and was held by Jill Biden. The oath was administered by Chief Justice John Roberts.\n After being sworn in, Biden delivered an inaugural address in which he called for unity and pledged to be a \"president for all Americans,\" including those who did not support his campaign at his inauguration address.\n The President also offered a forewarning his remarks, describing the nation as weathering a \"winter of peril\" amid the coronavirus pandemic.\n The inauguration also featured several celebrity performances, including a rendition of the National Anthem by Lady Gaga. Jennifer Lopez sang a medley of American musical selections including \"This Land is your Land\" and \"America the Beautiful,\" and Garth Brooks performed \"Amazing Grace.\"\n Amanda Gorman, the nation's first-ever youth poet laureate, also delivered a poem in which she challenged Americans to \"leave behind a country better than the one we were left\" and unify.\n Former Vice President Mike Pence, who attended the ceremony even though Trump did not, was met with bipartisan applause when he and his wife, Karen Pence, walked out onto the inaugural stands earlier Wednesday.\n Later, as Harris and Emhoff bid the Pences farewell outside the Capitol, the two couples shared a laugh as the Pences began their private life.\n Biden signed three documents after the ceremony outside the Capitol finished, including an Inauguration Day Proclamation, nominations to Cabinet positions and nominations to sub-Cabinet positions.\n The President and vice president also received congressional gifts, as is customary, including a painting by a Black painter from the Civil War presented to Biden by Sen. Roy Blunt, a Missouri Republican. Minnesota Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar presented Biden and Harris with Lenox crystal vases, while House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and now-Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell presented the President and vice president with American flags.\n Biden and Harris went from the Capitol to Arlington National Cemetery for a wreath-laying ceremony with three former presidents -- Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton -- at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.\n Biden and his family got out of the presidential motorcade to walk down the stretch of Pennsylvania Avenue outside the White House. The President stopped a few times to greet people along the route, including Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser and NBC's Al Roker.\n Shortly before 4 p.m., Biden entered the White House for the first time as the 46th commander in chief. He and the first lady paused for a moment on the North Portico as \"Hail to the Chief\" played.\n They embraced, waved to cameras and walked alongside their extended family into the Grand Foyer to begin his presidency.\n Harris returned to the Capitol to swear in three new Democratic senators: Georgia's Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock, and California's Alex Padilla, who replaced Harris in the chamber.\n Their swearing-in officially gave Democrats control of the Senate for the first time since they lost the chamber in 2014. Harris will wield power as the Senate's crucial tie-breaking vote.\n Harris laughed as she read a line referencing her own resignation from the Senate as part of the swearing-in.\n \"The chair lays before the Senate two certificates of election and a certificate of appointment to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of former Sen. Kamala D. Harris of California,\" Harris said.\n \"Yeah, that was very weird.\"\n Biden got down to work in the White House later Wednesday, finalizing over a dozen executive moves by signing a flurry of executive orders, memorandums and directives to agencies.\n \"There's no time to start like today,\" Biden told reporters in the Oval Office as he began signing a stack of orders and memoranda. \"I'm going to start by keeping the promises I made to the American people.\"\n Biden warned new White House employees during a swearing-in ceremony that he would terminate them if he found them trashing one another.\n Making explicit that he wanted to break with the toxic environment that pervaded the West Wing during the previous administration, Biden said he wanted his staff governed by collegiality and respect.\n \"If you're ever working with me and I hear you treating another colleague with disrespect, talking down to someone, I will fire you on the spot,\" he said.\n White House press secretary Jen Psaki began her tenure by holding the administration's first press briefing Wednesday night and vowing to return to fact-based briefings.\n Psaki said that upon accepting the job, she was committed to \"bringing truth and transparency back to the briefing room.\"\n She continued, \"There will be times when we see things differently in this room, I mean among all of us. That's OK. That's part of our democracy, and rebuilding trust with the American people will be central to our focus in the press office and in the White House.\"\n Standing in front of the Lincoln Memorial, Biden reiterated his call for unity Wednesday evening during a speech at the primetime inauguration special \"Celebrating America.\"\n \"It is humbling to stand here in this place in front of these sacred words. Humbling out of respect to President Lincoln and the office we now share and humbling because of you, the American people,\" Biden said. \"As I said earlier today, we have learned again that democracy is precious and because of you democracy has prevailed.\"\n The star-studded 90-minute program kicked off with Bruce Springsteen performing his song \"Land of Hope and Dreams.\"\n The special, hosted by Tom Hanks, also features performances from Jon Bon Jovi -- who campaigned with Biden in Pennsylvania, John Legend, the Foo Fighters, Demi Lovato, Justin Timberlake and Ant Clemons.\n In her first remarks to the nation as vice president, Harris put emphasis on In her first remarks to the nation as vice president, Harris put an emphasis on American aspiration while speaking during the inauguration special.\n \"This moment embodies our character as a nation. It demonstrates who we are, even in dark times. We not only dream, we do. We not only see what has been, we see what can be. We shoot for the moon, and then we plant our flag on it,\" she said.\n \"We are bold, fearless and ambitious. We are undaunted, in our belief that we shall overcome, that we will rise up. This is American aspiration.\"\n Former Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton honored Biden as America's new leader while echoing his message of unity. In a video message recorded Wednesday afternoon as part of the \"Celebrating America\" inauguration concert, the trio each wished Biden well as he steps into the White House.\n \"I think the fact that the three of us are standing here talking about a peaceful transfer of power, speaks to the institutional integrity of our country,\" Bush said.\n \"America's a generous country, people of great hearts. All three of us were lucky to be the president of this country,\" Bush said, adding: \"Mr. President, I'm pulling for your success. Your success is our country's success. God bless you.\"\n Obama delivered a similar message of unity, stating: \"We have got to not just listen to folks we agree with, but listen to folks we don't.\"\n \"One of my fondest memories of the inauguration was the grace and generosity that President Bush showed me, and Laura Bush showed Michelle,\" he said.\n Clinton, meanwhile, said the nation was \"ready to march\" with Biden.\n \"You have spoken for us today. Now you will lead for us.\"\n An unprecedented day came to an end with stunning fireworks.\n The President and first lady watched the celebratory display from the Blue Room Balcony above the White House South Lawn. The vice president and her husband watched from the Lincoln Memorial as singer Katy Perry performed her song \"Firework.\"\n This story has been updated with additional developments Wednesday.\n CNN's Meg Wagner, Melissa Mahtani, Melissa Macaya, Mike Hayes, Veronica Rocha, Fernando Alfonso III, Chandelis Duster, Alex Rogers, Eric Bradner, Betsy Klein and Christopher Hickey contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "states",
            "church",
            "united",
            "st.",
            "americans",
            "bible",
            "ceremony",
            "absence",
            "farewell",
            "vice",
            "chief",
            "melania",
            "measure",
            "plane",
            "air",
            "reporter",
            "sotomayor",
            "goodbye",
            "trumps",
            "dc",
            "successor",
            "marine",
            "lafayette",
            "remark",
            "jill",
            "justice",
            "washington",
            "et",
            "inauguration",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "highlight",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "swearing",
            "apostle",
            "joe",
            "obama",
            "emhoff",
            "michelle",
            "message",
            "harris",
            "firework",
            "mass",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "sonia",
            "century",
            "leader",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "covid-19",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "attendee",
            "matthew",
            "african",
            "precaution",
            "cathedral",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "doug",
            "us",
            "court",
            "honor",
            "a.m.",
            "florida",
            "husband",
            "episcopal",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "20": {
        "id": "1611472246.183912",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/capitol-rioter-assault-police-officer-arrest/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Man charged with assaulting a police officer during US Capitol riots is denied bail",
        "body_text": "A Connecticut man charged with assaulting a police officer during the breach of the US Capitol -- when the officer was crushed in a door and was seen on video screaming in pain -- was denied bail Wednesday.\n US Magistrate Judge Andrew Krause ordered Patrick McCaughey remanded into federal custody, with the judge calling the widely shared video of the incident \"extraordinarily disturbing.\"\n McCaughey, 23, was arrested Tuesday on charges including assault connected to his alleged role in the riots.\n Prosecutors say McCaughey assaulted Metropolitan Police Department Officer Daniel Hodges with a clear police shield as Hodges fought to stop a crowd of rioters from breaching the Capitol.\n McCaughey and the crowd pushed forward to gain access to the building, crushing Hodges, court documents say.\n In viral video of the incident, Hodges screams in pain as he is trapped in a doorway.\n \"Don't try and use that stick on me boy,\" McCaughey is heard saying, presumably referencing the officer's baton, according to federal prosecutors.\n \"You see me. Just go home. Talk to your buddies and go home. ... Don't try to use that stick on me. I am not hurting you.\"\n As Hodges continues to scream in pain on the footage, McCaughey can later be heard saying the officer should be let through and acknowledging he was injured, according to the complaint affidavit.\n McCaughey allegedly struck more uniformed law enforcement officers with the shield after Hodges broke free, the court document says.\n In an interview with CNN, Hodges called the rioters \"true believers in the worst way.\"\n \"Some of them felt like we would be fast friends because so many of them have been vocal,\" Hodges told CNN.\n \"They say things like, 'Yeah, we've been supporting you through all this Black Lives Matter stuff, you should have our back,' and they felt entitled,\" Hodges said.\n A childhood friend positively identified McCaughey to federal investigators, according to the court documents.\n McCaughey was charged with assaulting, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees; civil disorder; entering restricted building or grounds; and violent entry or disorderly conduct, according to the US Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia.\n It is his first brush with law, and if convicted, McCaughey could face a minimum of five years in prison, a prosecutor told the judge Wednesday.\n \"Even after days of seeing so many shocking and horrific scenes from the siege on the U.S. Capitol, the savage beating of DC Metropolitan Police Officer Hodges stands out for the perpetrator's blatant disregard for human life,\" Steven D'Antuono, assistant director in charge of the FBI Washington Field Office, said in a news release. \"Patrick McCaughey's actions were violent, barbaric, and completely out of control.\"\n Mccaughey, who was represented by a public defender at the hearing Wednesday, will be removed from the Southern District of New York and appear in federal district court for the District of Columbia, prosecutors said.\n CNN's Mark Morales contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "cnn",
            "district",
            "court",
            "patrick",
            "judge",
            "krause",
            "andrew",
            "york",
            "affidavit",
            "connecticut",
            "shield",
            "role",
            "doorway",
            "hodge",
            "metropolitan",
            "breach",
            "footage",
            "dc",
            "building",
            "hodges",
            "morales",
            "washington",
            "video",
            "law",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "tuesday",
            "rioter",
            "buddy",
            "interview",
            "magistrate",
            "prosecutor",
            "lives",
            "u.s.",
            "d'antuono",
            "southern",
            "assault",
            "crowd",
            "steven",
            "document",
            "complaint",
            "enforcement",
            "stick",
            "officer",
            "incident",
            "baton",
            "daniel",
            "fbi",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "custody",
            "mccaughey",
            "charge",
            "attorney",
            "field",
            "bail",
            "us",
            "new",
            "columbia",
            "access"
        ]
    },
    "21": {
        "id": "1611472246.856833",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/black-women-celebrate-kamala-harris/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "'This moment belongs to all of us:' Black women exult as Kamala Harris walks into history ",
        "body_text": "Human rights lawyer Tara Murray had hopes of somehow witnessing Kamala Harris' vice-presidential oath in person.\n But a raging pandemic and the January 6 violent siege on the US Capitol by a pro-Trump mob got in her way.\n So on Wednesday, Murray -- the founder of a pro-Harris group, Mamas for Momala -- celebrated the inauguration just as she had volunteered during the course of the campaign: remotely. She pulled on a sweater representing the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority that she and Harris share, ate a special lunch of her mother's gumbo and joined her fellow \"Mamas\" for a Facebook watch party.\n All around the country this week, Black women followed suit -- dressing up, toasting and exulting at home and online as the former US senator and California attorney general walked into history.\n \"I'm not going to allow the plans and the plots of these White supremacist terrorists to interfere with the joy that I have,\" the 39-year-old Murray said from her home in the Northern Virginia suburbs of Washington. \"This moment belongs to all of us who worked so hard.\"\n In office, Harris \"will stand as one, but she will bring 10,000,\" said Glynda Carr, the president and CEO of Higher Heights for America, paraphrasing the late poet Maya Angelou. \"She's a woman. She's a woman of color. She's a Black woman, a daughter of immigrants. She belongs to a historically Black Greek Letter organization. She went to a historically Black college.\"\n \"As she governs, she brings those voices with her,\" said Carr, whose organization focuses on building Black women's political power.\n Black women were crucial to the Biden-Harris victory, with 90% backing the ticket in November, CNN exit polls show. And in Georgia, a state that went blue in the presidential contest for the first time since 1992, Black women supported Democrats Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff by even wider margins -- elevating them to the Senate in this month's runoffs and giving their party control of the chamber.\n Black women \"show up consistently for this country,\" said LaTosha Brown, co-founder of Black Voters Matter Fund, which mobilized voters in Georgia and in key battlegrounds to help secure Joe Biden's victory. She also helped lead a high-profile campaign last summer by Black female activists to push Biden to add an African American woman to the ticket.\n In lobbying then-candidate Biden, \"I made a promise that, literally, if you select a Black woman vice president, Black women are going to deliver it to you,\" Brown recounted Wednesday.\n \"And we delivered.\"\n But Brown's work in the 2020 election came at an enormous price. She contracted Covid-19 in June while on the campaign trail and has endured death threats for her very public activism. And over the weekend, a long-time Georgia organizer with whom Brown worked died -- another heartbreak in the parade of Americans lost to the pandemic.\n Brown said her emotions Wednesday swung between \"extreme hope\" and deep sadness over the injustice and racial divisions that still persist.\n But she was determined to celebrate. She watched the inauguration on television from Atlanta -- adorned in pearls, a \"bedazzled\" pair of Converse Chuck Taylor sneakers and an electric blue dress, gifted by a friend to thank Brown for her part in turning Georgia Democratic blue.\n \"At the end of the day, what Black women have become masters at is not allowing the world to steal our joy,\" Brown said.\n Around the country, women of all ages and races pulled out their glue guns to pay joyful tribute to Harris by decorating their Chuck Taylors, the brand she sported so often on the campaign trail.\n Chucks and Pearls Day, a Facebook group started by Harris supporter Jeanette DeVaughn a little more than a month ago, had grown to more than 89,000 members by Wednesday morning. There, Harris supporters uploaded a steady stream of pictures of their Chucks, studded with pearls, rhinestones and even Swarovski crystals. Lace and satin ribbons often replaced shoestrings.\n DeVaughn, an Austin, Texas, grandmother who works part-time at an Amazon distribution center, said women identify with Harris' high-low style: \"classy and sophisticated\" pearls paired with ''really, really comfortable\" shoes.\n This month's violent siege at the US Capitol saddened DeVaughn because, she said, it was \"so disrespectful\" of the history-making nature of Harris' win. The pandemic and heavy security, she felt, had robbed Harris of the chance to enjoy her day as fully as her predecessors had.\n But DeVaughn said nothing would deter her from celebrating this week, either. Her inaugural wardrobe: A silky black cocktail dress and pearl-covered purple Chucks.\n For many, the party started days before Harris took her oath on Wednesday. At one online \"Sip\" Sunday sponsored by Higher Heights of America and Essence magazine, a who's who of Black women in politics celebrated both Harris' success and their role in it.\n They also had fun.\n Spinderella -- the DJ known as part of the hip-hop group Salt-N-Pepa -- entertained the virtual crowd. Samara Davis, of the Black Bourbon Society, walked participants through how to prepare The Kamala, a whiskey sour concoction whose muddled raspberries and mint garnish evoked the AKA sorority's distinctive pink-and-green colors.\n Higher Heights' Carr and other activists also said they were readying themselves for the political battles that would begin as soon as this week. That includes building support for Biden's Covid-19 recovery relief package, boosting the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour and helping elevate another Black woman to the US Senate to fill the void now that Harris has ascended to higher office.\n Murray canvassed for President Barack Obama's barrier-breaking campaign more than a dozen years ago, but she felt compelled to do even more for the Biden-Harris ticket -- given the parallels between her life and Harris' story.\n She, too, was raised in California by a single mom and traveled across the country to attend Howard University, one of the nation's pre-eminent HBCUs. She pledged AKA in her sophomore year, graduated in 2003 and went on to earn her law degree at Harvard.\n Last year, she joined forces with more than 5,000 women around the country to help make Wednesday's history happen -- calling, writing and texting voters in battleground states from Arizona to Florida in the run-up to Election Day. Among their efforts: sending texts to 200,000 Pennsylvania residents, encouraging them to register to vote. They also mailed 20,000 postcards to low-propensity voters in Georgia to encourage them to cast ballots both in the presidential election and in the state's January 5 Senate runoffs.\n Murray has three young children, but the group was open to any woman who \"cared about the next generation,\" she said. The Momala in the title reflects the nickname Harris' stepchildren, Cole and Ella Emhoff, bestowed on her.\n On Wednesday, Murray was as busy ever. She joined her group's Facebook watch party. She monitored the inauguration on television with her husband and children. She texted almost constantly with her sorority sisters and other friends.\n As she watched the ceremony unfold, Murray marveled at the \"prophetic voice\" of 22-year-old Amanda Gorman, the youngest inaugural poet in US history, who spoke of a \"nation that isn't broken, but simply unfinished.\" She took comfort in Biden's promise to confront White supremacy head on and work to the heal the country's divides.\n And when Harris, resplendent in a purple coat and dress, uttered the oath of office, Murray joined her two daughters, ages 5 and 2, in wild screaming.\n \"The best parts of American society were on display today -- in contrast to what we saw two weeks ago,\" Murray said. \"It feels like a dark cloud has lifted.\"",
        "tags": [
            "atlanta",
            "americans",
            "gumbo",
            "cnn",
            "poet",
            "greek",
            "vice",
            "mother",
            "raphael",
            "senator",
            "oath",
            "suburb",
            "terrorist",
            "converse",
            "history",
            "alpha",
            "joy",
            "suit",
            "georgia",
            "northern",
            "higher",
            "siege",
            "sorority",
            "angelou",
            "momala",
            "pandemic",
            "lunch",
            "murray",
            "washington",
            "june",
            "inauguration",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "heights",
            "sweater",
            "california",
            "president",
            "kamala",
            "tara",
            "campaign",
            "voters",
            "plot",
            "right",
            "joe",
            "lawyer",
            "glynda",
            "fund",
            "harris",
            "maya",
            "senate",
            "fellow",
            "biden",
            "november",
            "facebook",
            "democrats",
            "latosha",
            "covid-19",
            "daughter",
            "wednesday",
            "warnock",
            "color",
            "ossoff",
            "founder",
            "immigrant",
            "virginia",
            "ceo",
            "mob",
            "attorney",
            "jon",
            "plan",
            "january",
            "us",
            "kappa",
            "mamas",
            "carr"
        ]
    },
    "22": {
        "id": "1611472247.6881301",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/obama-bush-clinton-video-biden-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Former Presidents Obama, Bush and Clinton honor Biden as America's new leader in joint video",
        "body_text": "Former Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton honored President Joe Biden Wednesday evening as America's new leader in a joint message that emphasized the new President's call for national unity.\n Appearing side-by-side in a video message recorded as part of the \"Celebrating America\" inauguration concert, the trio each wished Biden well as he stepped into the White House. Their message stood in stark contrast to former President Donald Trump, who didn't attend Biden's inauguration and ignored nearly every element of a peaceful handoff of presidential power.\n \"I think the fact that the three of us are standing here talking about a peaceful transfer of power speaks to the institutional integrity of our country,\" Bush, a Republican, said in the video. \"America's a generous country, people of great hearts. All three of us were lucky to be the president of this country.\"\n Bush added that he was pulling for Biden's success, stating, \"Your success is our country's success. God bless you.\"\n That message was echoed by Obama, a Democrat, who maintained the country has to \"not just listen to folks we agree with, but listen to folks we don't.\"\n \"One of my fondest memories of the inauguration, was the grace and generosity that President Bush showed me, and Laura Bush showed Michelle,\" he said.\n That was a reminder, Obama said, \"that we can have a fierce disagreements and yet recognize each other's common humanity and that, as Americans, we have more in common than what separates us.\"\n Clinton, meanwhile, said the US was \"ready to march\" with Biden and called it an \"exciting time\" for America despite the immediate challenges Biden's administration now faces.\n \"I'm glad you're there. And I wish you well,\" Clinton, a Democrat, said. \"You have spoken for us today. Now you will lead for us.\"\n Biden had said earlier Wednesday that Trump left him a \"very generous letter\" but would not immediately reveal the contents of the letter.\n In his farewell address on Wednesday, Trump did not name Biden, but said he wished the \"new administration great luck and great success.\"\n The comment came after Trump spent months lying about the presidential election being rigged against him and spreading baseless conspiracy theories about voter fraud. He was impeached after the House passed a charge of incitement of insurrection for his actions before a violent mob stormed the US Capitol, which left five people dead including a Capitol Police officer. There will be a trial in the US Senate that is expected to begin soon.\n CNN's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "folk",
            "cnn",
            "theory",
            "george",
            "concert",
            "w.",
            "challenge",
            "integrity",
            "element",
            "success",
            "reminder",
            "disagreement",
            "election",
            "bill",
            "grace",
            "contrast",
            "clinton",
            "video",
            "inauguration",
            "liptak",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "power",
            "laura",
            "memory",
            "comment",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "address",
            "generosity",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "michelle",
            "message",
            "trio",
            "republican",
            "democrat",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "kevin",
            "leader",
            "transfer",
            "humanity",
            "content",
            "biden",
            "conspiracy",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "handoff",
            "donald",
            "us"
        ]
    },
    "23": {
        "id": "1611472248.353028",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/new-york-helicopter-crash/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "3 National Guard soldiers killed in helicopter crash in New York state",
        "body_text": "Three New York National Guard soldiers were killed Wednesday night when their helicopter crashed while on a routine training mission in upstate New York, according to the New York State Division of Military and Naval Affairs.\n The crash happened in Mendon, about 17 miles south of Rochester, the military and the Monroe County Sheriff's Office said.\n Multiple calls for an aircraft in distress came in around 6:30 p.m., Monroe County Sheriff Todd K. Baxter said in a news conference.\n \"According to the 911 reports ... there were calls of a sputtering, the sounds of an engine and that the aircraft was flying very low, more low than normal,\" Baxter said.\n First responders arrived to find a helicopter on fire.\n \"They went into life-saving mode, trying to rescue anybody that could be on the aircraft or in the area,\" Baxter said, adding the debris field expands a few city blocks right now, or about 100 feet in each direction.\n The helicopter was a UH-60 Black Hawk medical evacuation helicopter. The incident is under investigation, the Division of Military and Naval Affairs said, adding no further information was immediately available.\n The Monroe County Sheriff's Office will conduct a preliminary investigation into the crash, Baxter said. His office will then hand the investigation over to the Federal Aviation Administration and National Guard.\n \"This is a heavy, heavy burden upon all of us. These are our freedom providers. ... We lost three brave Americans today in the service of our country,\" Baxter said.\n New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement he was \"devastated\" by the soldiers' deaths.\n \"National Guard members are our citizen soldiers who voluntarily serve and protect both here and abroad, and I extend prayers and condolences from all New Yorkers to the family, loved ones and fellow soldiers of these honorable heroes who we will never forget.\"\n The governor directed flags on all state buildings to be lowered to half-staff Thursday to honor the victims.\n CNN's Sonia Moghe and Alec Snyder contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "americans",
            "sheriff",
            "cnn",
            "debris",
            "information",
            "yorkers",
            "condolence",
            "york",
            "andrew",
            "k.",
            "statement",
            "division",
            "baxter",
            "national",
            "citizen",
            "snyder",
            "naval",
            "guard",
            "soldier",
            "county",
            "federal",
            "conference",
            "distress",
            "aircraft",
            "alec",
            "thursday",
            "monroe",
            "mendon",
            "todd",
            "prayer",
            "mile",
            "responder",
            "state",
            "gov.",
            "night",
            "crash",
            "freedom",
            "sonia",
            "incident",
            "rochester",
            "mission",
            "provider",
            "affairs",
            "engine",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "investigation",
            "evacuation",
            "cuomo",
            "death",
            "hawk",
            "burden",
            "training",
            "aviation",
            "p.m.",
            "uh-60",
            "mode",
            "field",
            "new",
            "moghe",
            "helicopter",
            "military"
        ]
    },
    "24": {
        "id": "1611472249.5124679",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/biden-1776-commission-trump-fight-over-history-hemmer/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden rescinding the 1776 Commission doesn't end the fight over history",
        "body_text": "Nicole Hemmer is an associate research scholar at Columbia University with the Obama Presidency Oral History Project and the author of \"Messengers of the Right: Conservative Media and the Transformation of American Politics.\" She co-hosts the history podcast \"Past Present\" and \"This Day in Esoteric Political History.\" The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. View more opinion articles on CNN.\nOn his first day in office, President Joe Biden signed a stack of executive orders, doing everything from rescinding the Muslim travel ban to reversing the US departure from the World Health Organization to asking federal agencies to extend their moratoriums on foreclosure and eviction during the pandemic. But he also revoked one of the Trump administration's final projects: the 1776 Commission.\n The commission, an advisory committee of academics and conservative activists convened by then-President Donald Trump, issued a 41-page report on Monday, seeking to counter the 1619 Project, a New York Times initiative that explored the central role of slavery and anti-Black racism in US history.\n Denouncing works that \"tell America's story solely as one of oppression and victimhood,\" the 1776 Commission's report insists that real history is history that focuses on the country's successes, with only an occasional nod to its failures.\n The people behind the report had been directed by Trump to develop a program for \"patriotic education.\" And while the report has little to do with academic history -- it has no footnotes or sources, and large chunks appear to be cribbed from op-eds and other polemics -- it exemplifies the worst misuses of history during the Trump era: as myth and propaganda.\n The report itself does not amount to much. It is the detritus of the waning days of the Trump administration, a bit of unfinished business sent out the door in the closing hours and now swept away by an incoming administration. But as a study in the growth of right-wing pseudohistory, it's a key document.\n As pseudohistory, it argues from ideology rather than evidence, starting with an argument -- that all bad things come from the left -- and then pretzeling the past to fit a politically expedient thesis, one that deliberately erases the need to grapple with things like racism or contradiction. Under the Trump administration, proponents of this ideology reached a new peak of influence, and Trump's defeat does not relegate them to the fringe.\n Reading history through the 1776 Commission's ideological lens produces some pretty strange conclusions. In the report, anti-racists and anti-fascists are the successors of enslavers and Nazis.\n John C. Calhoun, an ardent defender of slavery who argued that it was not \"a necessary evil\" but \"a positive good,\" becomes, in the commission's telling, the father of identity politics. An appendix draws a straight line from Calhoun to today's civil rights activists -- the very ones who have committed themselves to dismantling White supremacy.\n That bizarre argument is not original to the 1776 Commission. Over the past few decades, a cottage industry of right-wing histories has thrived in the United States, making up in sales what they lack in credibility.\n But they do more than fatten their authors' wallets: they are part of the alternative reality constructed by conservative media. (Not coincidentally, many of the authors of these books are right-wing media figures, from Brian Kilmeade and Glenn Beck to Dinesh D'Souza and Bill O'Reilly.)\n The master of the genre is D'Souza, and it's worth noting that the vice chair of the commission is a favorite of his, political scientist Carol Swain, who features heavily in his documentaries. Over the past decade, D'Souza has pumped out a steady stream of books and documentaries aimed at rewriting history so that every dark action can be traced to the Democratic Party and the modern left. The histories themselves are fatuous, as I've explored in-depth elsewhere, relying on the basic claim that the Democratic Party was pro-slavery in the 19th century so must necessarily be racist today.\n That tissue-thin argument does not stand up to any rigorous scrutiny. But it's not meant to. The point of these pseudohistories is not to construct a careful argument about the past -- or to educate anyone looking to know more -- but rather a set of talking points that can be used to shut down any meaningful conversation about racism.\n The 1776 Commission is written from that same defensive crouch. Rather than engage in a conversation about the way racism has shaped the history and institutions of the United States, they have written a field guide for dismissing such discussions as efforts to \"demean America's heritage, dishonor our heroes, or deny our principles.\"\n The commission's stated aim of \"patriotic education\" was part of a broader right-wing effort to refocus attention on how schools teach American history. The entire enterprise was motivated in part by the decision by the 1619 Project's creators to release a guide for using their project in classrooms.\n Many right-wing politicians recoiled at the inclusion of new scholarship on the persistent influence of slavery and discrimination in the United States. In September 2020, the same month he announced the 1776 commission, Trump tweeted that schools using the 1619 Project \"will not be funded!\" and Sen. Tom Cotton proposed legislation that would ban its use in schools. The education fight gave detractors' grievances against the 1619 Project urgency and heft: they knew that if it became part of children's education, it could have an even greater impact on how Americans view their past.\n Despite the carelessness with which many of these far-right conservatives treat history, they understand how important, and how powerful, our historical narratives are. The stories we tell about our past inform our understanding of the present and our vision for the future. That's why the battles over history are so fierce.\n The early 1990s saw a debate over public history and school curriculums so pitched it became known as \"the history wars.\" Just a few years ago, conservatives attempted to rewrite Advanced Placement standards to give US history a rosier glow.\n In more recent years, Black activists have challenged the whitewashed history of the Confederacy represented by unapologetic displays of the Confederate flag and the monuments to Confederate leaders, sparking increasingly visible -- and in the case of Unite the Right in Charlottesville, deadly \u2014 clashes in the shadows of  those monuments.\n Even Trump's slogan, \"Make America Great Again,\" was rooted in an argument over history: that there was an Edenic national past that had been lost, and that former President Trump vowed to restore.\n These fights over our past are critically important, but as the 1776 report shows, they are not always fought in good faith. President Biden dedicated part of his inaugural address to a defense of truth. \"There is truth and there are lies, lies told for power and for profit,\" he said. \"And each of us has a duty and responsibility, as citizens, as Americans, and especially as leaders, leaders who have pledged to honor our Constitution and protect our nation, to defend the truth and defeat the lies.\"\n In dissolving the 1776 Commission on his first day in office, President Biden helped end one source of misinformation about our past, a reminder that, as we work to restore democracy, we will need to restore honest inquiry and accurate history as well.",
        "tags": [
            "esoteric",
            "states",
            "united",
            "carol",
            "cnn",
            "calhoun",
            "messenger",
            "eviction",
            "d'souza",
            "politics",
            "scholar",
            "racism",
            "opinion",
            "presidency",
            "york",
            "nazis",
            "view",
            "moratorium",
            "history",
            "role",
            "bill",
            "kilmeade",
            "american",
            "agency",
            "appendix",
            "o'reilly",
            "podcast",
            "transformation",
            "pandemic",
            "glenn",
            "committee",
            "slavery",
            "america",
            "stack",
            "ban",
            "hemmer",
            "oral",
            "president",
            "c.",
            "academic",
            "research",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "right",
            "dinesh",
            "nicole",
            "brian",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "article",
            "project",
            "trump",
            "political",
            "times",
            "university",
            "john",
            "medium",
            "biden",
            "commission",
            "administration",
            "commentary",
            "monday",
            "foreclosure",
            "initiative",
            "donald",
            "departure",
            "us",
            "new",
            "activist",
            "beck",
            "columbia",
            "author"
        ]
    },
    "25": {
        "id": "1611472250.0403771",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/immigration-biden-trump/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump lays last-minute land mines for Biden on immigration: 'Anything to make it difficult'",
        "body_text": "Days from the end of Donald Trump's term, his administration rushed to push through possible legal land mines to make President Joe Biden's goal of immigration reform more difficult.\n Biden has outlined an ambitious immigration agenda that would reverse the actions of his predecessor, vowing, for example, to undo policies that largely sealed the US off to immigrants and halt construction of the border wall.\n But the Trump administration was determined not to make it easy, according to multiple officials.\n \"Anything to make it difficult,\" a Department of Homeland Security official told CNN.\n \"The political appointees in the immigration field are going to be working right down to the buzzer to complete as much as the President (Trump)'s agenda as possible because they know there's going to be a scorched earth effort from the Biden administration to undo it,\" one source familiar with the planning told CNN in the lead-up to the inauguration.\n One of those efforts included striking agreements with some states and municipalities that would require the incoming administration to consult with jurisdictions before adopting or modifying immigration policies, according to an agreement obtained by CNN and earlier reported by BuzzFeed.\n The agreement appears to give localities buy-in on immigration enforcement policy decisions and as a result, delay the rollout of new policies.\n It is unclear if those agreements are legal or enforceable.\n Over the past several weeks, career senior officials at Immigration and Customs Enforcement made a point to keep track of the actions that will need to be undone by the Biden administration, a DHS official told CNN. Biden transition team members were \"candid about being prepared to abandon current practices,\" the official said.\n At ICE, there was a scramble to get policies, like collecting DNA from non-cooperative individuals, out the door, but it's unclear which of those policies were signed, according to two DHS officials.\n There were also discussions about tapping another acting ICE director to execute on policies, but that received pushback, according to another DHS official. Tae Johnson, a career official, has been serving in the acting chief role following the resignation of Jonathan Fahey.\n ICE did not respond to a request for comment.\n Toward the end of the Trump administration, the White House also continued to push relevant federal agencies to obligate funds available for the wall regardless of whether land has been obtained for construction, CNN previously reported -- a move seemingly intended to tie up funds prior to Biden taking office.\n \"DHS recognizes that Agency, like other states and municipalities, is directly and concretely affected by changes to DHS rules and policies that have the effect of easing, relaxing, or limiting immigration enforcement,\" the agreement, signed by former second-in-command Ken Cuccinelli, reads.\n DHS, the agreement says, will consult with localities \"before taking any action or making any decision that could reduce immigration enforcement, increase the number of illegal aliens in the United States, or increase immigration benefits or eligibility for benefits for removable or inadmissible aliens.\"\n Rockingham County, North Carolina Sheriff Sam Scott Page, who signed the agreement, said, \"With this agreement, I'm asking for notice, for communications and continued partnership with our federal partners.\"\n \"When our new president comes, when President Biden is sworn in, he has a lot of responsibly, he has a lot of authority,\" he added. \"We want to be part of knowing when change is coming.\"\n John Sandweg, former acting ICE director, said written agreements with states or counties are not unprecedented, but called the recent moves \"a pretty transparent effort to tie the hands of the Biden administration and give states opportunity to sue DHS.\"\n \"It's ridiculous,\" Sandweg said. \"I think these agreements are unlawful and unenforceable.\"",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "sheriff",
            "cnn",
            "vowing",
            "rockingham",
            "planning",
            "predecessor",
            "buzzer",
            "term",
            "agenda",
            "carolina",
            "agency",
            "jurisdiction",
            "cuccinelli",
            "reform",
            "county",
            "appointee",
            "municipality",
            "action",
            "inauguration",
            "source",
            "goal",
            "homeland",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "scott",
            "mine",
            "locality",
            "joe",
            "johnson",
            "sam",
            "state",
            "official",
            "enforcement",
            "wall",
            "policy",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "ken",
            "jonathan",
            "dhs",
            "biden",
            "department",
            "administration",
            "in",
            "sandweg",
            "immigration",
            "immigrant",
            "fahey",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "tae",
            "us",
            "construction",
            "field",
            "effort",
            "up",
            "customs",
            "buzzfeed"
        ]
    },
    "26": {
        "id": "1611472250.4629738",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/amanda-gorman-inauguration-poem-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Amanda Gorman calls on Americans to 'leave behind a country better than the one we were left' in powerful inauguration poem",
        "body_text": "Amanda Gorman, the nation's first-ever youth poet laureate, challenged Americans Wednesday to unify and \"leave behind a country better than the one we were left\" as she delivered a stirring inauguration poem.\n Speaking at a US Capitol that just two weeks before was the site of a harrowing attempt to overthrow American democracy, Gorman bridged the violence of January 6 with the anguish felt by so many Americans of color but described the country as ready to begin anew under President Joe Biden.\n \"We've seen a force that would shatter our nation rather than share it,\" the 22-year-old Gorman said, a reference to the deadly insurrection that, as she told CNN last week, was a catalyzing inspiration for her poem. \"Would destroy our country if it meant delaying democracy. And this effort very nearly succeeded. But while democracy can be periodically delayed, it can never be permanently defeated.\"\n Clad in a yellow coat and punctuating her words with her hands, Gorman nodded not only to the perilous political moment but also the history and promise of a day on which Kamala Harris became the first woman, first Black person and the first South Asian to be elected vice president of the US.\n \"Somehow we've weathered and witnessed a nation that isn't broken, but simply unfinished. We, the successors of a country and a time where a skinny Black girl descended from slaves and raised by a single mother can dream of becoming President, only to find herself reciting for one,\" the 22-year-old Gorman said in her poem, entitled, \"The Hill We Climb.\"\n Gorman, who regularly draws from current political events in her work, spoke passionately Wednesday about the need for social change: \"We learned that quiet isn't always peace, and the norms and notions of what 'just is' isn't always justice.\"\n \"We are striving to forge our union with purpose. To compose a country committed to all cultures, colors, characters and conditions of man,\" Gorman said. \"And so we lift our gaze, not to what stands between us, but what stands before us. We close the divide because we know to put our future first, we must first put our differences aside. We lay down our arms so we can reach out our arms to one another. We seek harm to none and harmony for all.\"\n \"The new dawn blooms as we free it,\" she concluded the poem. \"For there is always light, if only we're brave enough to see it, if only we're brave enough to be it.\"\n Gorman described crafting those final lines in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday evening.\n \"To be honest, I was concerned of whether I should include that last line of 'be' at all,\" she said. \"I was kind of deliberating between 'see it,' 'be it,' 'free it,' and then I said, you know what -- we need all of these things at once. We need that cacophony. We need to realize that hope isn't something that we ask of others, it's something that we have to demand from ourselves, and that's what I wanted the poem to end on.\"\n Gorman also explained how she had sought to reestablish the power of words during her inaugural appearance.\n \"To me, words matter, and I think that's kind of what made this inauguration that much more sentimental and special. We've seen over the past few years the ways in which the power of words has been violated and misappropriated,\" she told Cooper. \"And what I wanted to do was to kind of reclaim poetry as that site in which we can re-purify, re-sanctify not only the Capitol building that we saw violated, but the power of words, and to invest that in the highest office of the land.\"\n Gorman was wearing a ring with a caged bird, which was symbolic of Maya Angelou, who wrote \"I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings\" and recited a poem at President Bill Clinton's first inauguration. The ring was a gift from none other than Oprah Winfrey, the young poet revealed on Twitter Wednesday afternoon.\n Born and raised in Los Angeles by a single-mother and 6th-grade English teacher, Gorman started writing poems when she was a child, but found it terrifying to perform due to a speech impediment. She overcame that fear by drawing confidence from former President Barack Obama and Martin Luther King Jr., and practices songs from the Broadway musical \"Hamilton.\"\n She previously told CNN that she drew inspiration for the poem from the two poems read at Barack Obama's inauguration -- Richard Blanco's 2013 \"One Today\" and Elizabeth Alexander's 2009 \"Praise Song for the Day\" -- and writers, like Walt Whitman and Frederick Douglass, whom she feels have spoken to the ideals of a nation.\n She was halfway through writing the inauguration poem when she saw the Capitol riot, and she previously told CNN she would attempt to \"communicate a message of joining together and crossing divides.\"\n This story has been updated with additional details Wednesday.\n CNN's Veronica Stracqualursi contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "king",
            "cnn",
            "walt",
            "poet",
            "anderson",
            "vice",
            "cooper",
            "mother",
            "youth",
            "twitter",
            "anguish",
            "los",
            "site",
            "blanco",
            "south",
            "history",
            "hamilton",
            "amanda",
            "bill",
            "reference",
            "we",
            "elizabeth",
            "democracy",
            "need",
            "union",
            "successor",
            "angelou",
            "justice",
            "clinton",
            "inauguration",
            "jr.",
            "capitol",
            "violence",
            "girl",
            "poem",
            "president",
            "oprah",
            "hill",
            "barack",
            "character",
            "insurrection",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "laureate",
            "norm",
            "harris",
            "angeles",
            "caged",
            "maya",
            "asian",
            "english",
            "alexander",
            "biden",
            "luther",
            "slave",
            "richard",
            "attempt",
            "martin",
            "wednesday",
            "winfrey",
            "color",
            "inspiration",
            "bird",
            "purpose",
            "culture",
            "broadway",
            "sings",
            "notion",
            "effort",
            "january",
            "us",
            "gorman",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "27": {
        "id": "1611472250.8909922",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/health/us-coronavirus-wednesday/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "States appeal for more coronavirus vaccine doses as the US death toll moves past 400,000",
        "body_text": "As state leaders clamored for more Covid-19 vaccine doses, Joe Biden became President on Wednesday with an eye toward changing approaches to the pandemic that has claimed more than 400,000 lives in the US.\n Some state officials say they aren't seeing as many doses as the federal government reports distributing and the demand for the vaccine is outpacing the supply. Georgia, for example, reports adequate staff, volunteers and infrastructure but not enough doses.\n \"We've been getting about 80,000 doses a week, and that's not much for a state with 11 million people,\" Georgia Department of Public Health Commissioner Dr. Kathleen Toomey said Tuesday.\n Biden, meanwhile, has signaled he intends to alter the federal government's approach to the pandemic and public health in several ways, and one of his first acts as President, a few hours after his inauguration, was to sign an executive order mandating masks on federal property.\n He also intends to restore a previously disbanded National Security Council office that would focus on pandemic preparedness and to stop the previous administration's process of withdrawing from the World Health Organization, one of his aides has said.\n Dr. Rochelle Walensky, the new director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency is conducting a comprehensive review of all existing Covid-19 guidance. \"The toll that the Covid-19 pandemic has had on America is truly heartbreaking,\" she said.\n Biden took office just a day after the country surpassed 400,000 recorded deaths for the pandemic.\n Across the country, hospitalizations and daily new cases and deaths have been dipping, though experts have warned that more-transmissible virus variants, including one first seen in the UK, could send cases surging again:\n However, this is not far from the pandemic peak of more than 132,400 recorded just two weeks ago, and some hospitals have long been struggling to tend to all their patients, with some diverting them to other facilities or treating them in hallways or ambulances.\n An ensemble forecast published by the CDC projects there will be as many a 508,000 Covid-19 deaths by February 13. Its last forecast, published January 13, forecast as many as 477,000 deaths by February 6.\n Across the US, almost 14.3 million people have received at least the first dose of a Covid-19 vaccine, and more than 2.1 million of those have received a second dose, according to CDC data last updated Wednesday morning.\n But state and local officials are worried the supply will not be enough to continue the momentum.\n San Francisco's Department of Public Health announced its supply will be exhausted by Thursday if there isn't an additional allotment. New York City is set to run out by the same day, Mayor Bill de Blasio said Tuesday.\n \"If we don't get more vaccine quickly, we will have to cancel appointments,\" de Blasio said.\n New York state will see its current supply depleted by the weekend, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Wednesday.\n \"We don't have enough vaccine. At this current rate of supply it takes seven and a half months to get enough vaccine for the currently eligible population,\" Cuomo said.\n Due to their low vaccine supplies, Baptist Health South Florida has canceled all vaccination appointments for anyone scheduled to receive a first dose beginning Wednesday.\n Experts have warned that while a coronavirus variant first identified in the UK does not appear to be more deadly, it is more easily transmissible. So far, at least 144 cases have been identified in 20 states, according to data from the CDC.\n Other variants have been found as well, including two in Brazil. Another has shown up in California, but it's not known whether it is contributing to renewed spread there.\n New research provides evidence that people vaccinated against coronavirus would be protected against at least some of the variants.\n Two teams tested two of the variants against blood taken from people who had received the full two-course dose of either the Moderna or the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine.\n While the mutations in the new variants of the virus -- the one first seen in Britain and another first identified in South Africa -- did allow them to evade some of the immunity induced by vaccination, it was far from a complete escape, the two teams reported separately.\n A team led by Dr. Michel Nussenzweig of the Rockefeller University tested plasma taken from 20 people who got two doses of either the Pfizer/BioNTech or Moderna vaccine as part of clinical trials. They found the vaccines produced strong antibody responses, as well as cells that keep producing new antibodies for months or years.\n \"We measured their antibody responses to the wild type virus. Then we took their plasmas and measured them against the variants,\" Nussenzweig told CNN.\n Different mutations in the viruses did allow some escape from some types of antibodies, but the bodies of the volunteers threw an army of different types of antibodies at the viruses, the team reported in a preprint -- not peer reviewed -- published online.\n \"When you start putting all these mixtures of antibodies together, what it means is that together they can take care of the variants,\" Nussenzweig said.  Even though they had a reduced effect, overall the response was so overwhelming that it should not mater, he said.\n \"What we really want to do with these vaccines is keep people out of the hospital. They are extremely likely to do that, irrespective,\" Nussenzweig added.\n Eventually, the vaccines should be updated -- but the new mRNA vaccines made by Pfizer and Moderna can be changed very quickly. \"Should the vaccines be tweaked?\" he asked. \"Probably -- but that doesn't mean that they won't be effective.\"\n Separately, Ugur Sahin, who helped invent the BioNTech vaccine being made and distributed by Pfizer, tested his vaccine against the variant first seen in the UK. The team found \"no biologically significant difference in neutralization activity,\" they reported in a preprint report. But they said it would be \"prudent\" to start tweaking the vaccine, just in case.\n CNN's Christina Maxouris, Naomi Thomas, Jamiel Lynch, Kay Jones, Alexandra Meeks, Elizabeth Cohen and Lauren Mascarenhas contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "uk",
            "disease",
            "demand",
            "kathleen",
            "rochelle",
            "centers",
            "york",
            "andrew",
            "south",
            "supply",
            "mask",
            "virus",
            "san",
            "bill",
            "francisco",
            "national",
            "baptist",
            "preparedness",
            "volunteer",
            "commissioner",
            "agency",
            "georgia",
            "de",
            "brazil",
            "infrastructure",
            "guidance",
            "pandemic",
            "inauguration",
            "expert",
            "america",
            "dose",
            "tuesday",
            "thursday",
            "mayor",
            "president",
            "california",
            "process",
            "council",
            "joe",
            "blasio",
            "dr.",
            "state",
            "gov.",
            "official",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "government",
            "toll",
            "leader",
            "staff",
            "review",
            "biden",
            "walensky",
            "covid-19",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "approach",
            "cuomo",
            "death",
            "aide",
            "prevention",
            "toomey",
            "director",
            "hospitalization",
            "security",
            "february",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "vaccine",
            "property",
            "florida",
            "cdc"
        ]
    },
    "28": {
        "id": "1611472251.949327",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/biden-inaugural-address-history-parini/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden's inaugural speech got it exactly right",
        "body_text": "Jay Parini is a poet and novelist who teaches at Middlebury College.  His most recent book is Borges and Me, a memoir of his travels in the highlands of Scotland in 1971 with the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. The views expressed in this commentary are his own. Read more opinion articles on CNN.\nWords matter, and on Wednesday Joe Biden faced the first challenge of what will surely be a challenging presidency. His inaugural address arrived in the wake of a tempestuous, bitter presidency that has left the nation miserably divided, with over 400,000 dead from an out-of-control pandemic, with jobs declining, and with democracy itself having recently been assaulted by a frenzied mob of insurrectionists.\n For Americans, Inauguration Day has a sacredness about it. The ceremonial transfer of power is awesome in every sense: This day lies at the core of our national project. The people choose their leader for a discrete term of four years, allowing in most cases for a second four years in office. In his first inaugural, Ronald Reagan began his speech by musing on the peaceful transfer of power as \"nothing less than a miracle.\"\n Reagan turned to face President Jimmy Carter, whom he'd just defeated and said: \"Mr. President, I want our fellow citizens to know how much you did to carry on this tradition. By your gracious cooperation in the transition process, you have shown a watching world that we are a united people pledged to maintaining a political system which guarantees individual liberty to a greater degree than any other, and I thank you and your people for all your help in maintaining the continuity which is the bulwark of our Republic.\"\n Cameras closed on Carter, who looked genuinely moved. Reagan paused, letting the words sink in.\n The transfer of power is a key ritual of our democracy, and it's been 152 years since a president has declined to attend the inauguration of his successor. That was in the wake of a deadly Civil War. By his refusal to attend the inauguration, Trump now joins Andrew Johnson (and two others) in this company of shame.\n Even Trump, in 2017, gestured gratefully to Obama before, almost immediately, trashing him and his administration, summoning a vision of \"rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape,\" summoning a nation riddled with \"crime and gangs and drugs,\" declaring: \"This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.\"\n Obama did not smile.\n Biden's speech today was one of tempered optimism. He didn't tell us that happy days are here again. But he observed that we celebrate the triumph \"not of a candidate but of a cause, the cause of democracy.\"\n My favorite sentences followed: \"We've learned again that democracy is precious. Democracy is fragile. And at this hour, my friends, democracy has prevailed.\"\n Everything else fell naturally from this assertion, as Biden went straight to the violence that has recently shaken \"the Capitol's very foundation.\"  And sadly, this wasn't a metaphor!\n Biden rightly challenged all of us, as John F. Kennedy did in 1961. \"Over the centuries through storm and strife, in peace and in war, we've come so far,\" he said. \"But we still have far to go\" as we push forward through \"this dark winter.\"\n This is indeed the winter of our discontent, reminiscent of Franklin Delano Roosevelt's winter of 1933, in the throes of the Great Depression, when he suggested that only a foolish optimist could deny the \"dark realities\" that had consumed a nation.\n Biden didn't mince his words, naming the pandemic, the history of racial injustice, the environmental crisis, and the rise of political extremism and White supremacy as specific dire problems \"that we must confront.\"\n He called for \"unity, unity.\" The word permeates his speech.\n Of course, every sensible president in his inaugural returns to Abraham Lincoln, our greatest speech-maker. Biden cites the Emancipation Proclamation, where Lincoln declared: \"My whole soul is in it.\"  Biden coopts this statement, saying. \"My whole soul is in it.\" By it, he means \"uniting our nation\" at a time when \"racism, nativism, fear, demonization have torn us apart.\"\n One could hardly not see an invisible finger pointing at Trump.\n Yet Biden wisely didn't waste his breath on Trump.  He noted that the \"battle is perennial,\" and the racial divisions that plague us go back centuries in this country.\n Biden lifted our eyes beyond the last four years, saying that politics \"doesn't have to be a raging fire\" that scours the earth.  \"We must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated and even manufactured.\"\n To be sure, Biden is the Great Sympathizer, and he leaned into that role here: \"I understand that many of my fellow Americans view the future with fear and trepidation.\" Jobs and healthcare lie at the center of that anxiety, and he made it clear that he understands this.\n And with Biden, the aura of caring, of deep sincerity, is palpable: We know what he's been through with horrendous family tragedies, and this sadness illumines the man now. And he doesn't shrink from the challenge ahead of us: \"We're entering what may be the toughest and deadliest period of the virus.\"\n In perhaps his most poetic moment, Biden intoned: \"We may endure for a night but joy comes in the morning.\" This alludes mainly to Psalm 30 in the Bible, but one can't not hear an echo of Reagan's \"morning in America.\" Such hopefulness is essential in any good inaugural speech, even in hard times.\n Biden's inaugural speech was, in retrospect, a balancing act that succeeded admirably in speaking honestly about the multi-faceted crisis at hand while delivering a full measure of optimism. He wants to return us to an America marked by \"decency and dignity.\"\n We never expected President Biden to change the world with a single address. But putting the right words in the right order matters. I think Biden has inspired us, inviting us to set aside our differences as a nation, even as he rose to speak behind a bullet-proof barrier with 25,000 troops guarding him and his guests -- a sad testament to where we've come as a nation in just a few short years.",
        "tags": [
            "bible",
            "americans",
            "lincoln",
            "emancipation",
            "cnn",
            "poet",
            "memoir",
            "opinion",
            "depression",
            "reagan",
            "andrew",
            "view",
            "challenge",
            "presidency",
            "leader",
            "insurrectionist",
            "tradition",
            "term",
            "jay",
            "carter",
            "novelist",
            "sacredness",
            "highland",
            "roosevelt",
            "sense",
            "democracy",
            "citizen",
            "middlebury",
            "inaugural",
            "pandemic",
            "borges",
            "abraham",
            "inauguration",
            "speech",
            "power",
            "jimmy",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "college",
            "civil",
            "franklin",
            "project",
            "president",
            "cooperation",
            "address",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "war",
            "johnson",
            "f.",
            "miracle",
            "proclamation",
            "article",
            "scotland",
            "republic",
            "jorge",
            "parini",
            "trump",
            "john",
            "luis",
            "mr.",
            "biden",
            "kennedy",
            "psalm",
            "transfer",
            "core",
            "delano",
            "sympathizer",
            "wednesday",
            "cameras",
            "commentary",
            "mob",
            "ronald",
            "writer"
        ]
    },
    "29": {
        "id": "1611472252.550944",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/dc-security-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Security unlikely to return to pre-riot form in a post-inauguration Washington",
        "body_text": "As crews in Washington, DC, started dismantling some security fencing within hours of President Joe Biden's inauguration, it remained clear that security in the nation's capital will likely never return to its pre-insurrection form.\n It's unclear what security changes, if any, made across Washington in preparation for the inauguration will remain permanent, or to what degree President Joe Biden's upcoming address to a joint session of Congress and potential impeachment proceedings will be considered in security planning.\n Sen. Dick Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, has said the US Capitol complex \"will never be the same.\"\n Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser said on Tuesday that there would be a \"new posture\" in the district, but also noted she didn't want \"fences and armed troops in our city any longer than they need to be.\"\n In a tweet Wednesday, the mayor's chief of staff said crews will begin breaking down fencing on major streets in \"earnest\" starting that evening and the process would take 36 hours. The time frame for removing the fencing was set to coincide with the lifting of the city's pause on an indoor dining ban. The ban is scheduled to end at 5 p.m. ET Friday.\n The unprecedented number of soldiers, federal law enforcement officers, police officers and protective infrastructure in the nation's capital for the inauguration was triggered by a rally-turned-riot on January 6. After the rally, thousands of Trump supporters descended on the Capitol with hundreds or more overrunning the Capitol Police officers protecting it, all in an effort to overturn the presidential election results.\n More than 20,000 soldiers were deployed to Washington for Biden's inauguration, and more than 6,000 National Guard soldiers will remain beyond that.\n A federal official familiar with the National Guard deployments said the current plan is for many guard units depart Thursday. Some more regional ones may stay through the weekend.\n \"And that number can go up or down depending on the lead federal agency requirements or federal law enforcement requests,\" said Army Gen. Daniel\u202f Hokanson, chief of the National Guard Bureau. \"But really after the inauguration, we'll look at the conditions and the environment and the mission set that we're asked to perform. And if that is below the number of personnel that we have, then we'll start identifying those folks to get them home as quickly as possible.\"\n At the Capitol, Durbin predicted there could be metal detectors at entrances to each legislative chamber and some \"enhanced\" perimeter of the building.\n \"We're reaching a point where it is -- if we have to fear that some members will bring firearms on the floor or visitors will, then we have to take extra precautions,\" he said.\n Durbin said he hasn't spoken to new Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer about placing metal detectors in front of the Senate chamber and it would be his decision.\n As for now, portions of the District remain largely on lockdown. Four of the bridges inbound to the city are closed until Thursday morning. The National Mall, the city's central park, is closed, covered in flags to represent the American citizens who cannot be there in person due to the security measures and Covid-19 restrictions.\n National Guard troops are stationed throughout Washington's neighborhoods, including Chinatown, Foggy Bottom and the borders of Dupont and Logan circles.\n It was not clear Wednesday what, if any, of the physical changes around the Capitol and district will become permanent.\n \"But at the same time, we need to be smart about how we approach this new posture,\" Hokanson said. \"Unfortunately, we've had in our country other incidents of terrorism both foreign and domestic and we want to look to see what had been the best approaches to hardening without looking like we're hardening our security.\"\n CNN's Ryan Nobles, Ali Zaslav, Phil Mattingly, Josh Campbell and Aileen Graef contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "ryan",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "district",
            "zaslav",
            "degree",
            "chief",
            "muriel",
            "mall",
            "nobles",
            "sen.",
            "bowser",
            "planning",
            "bureau",
            "proceeding",
            "chuck",
            "schumer",
            "pause",
            "national",
            "posture",
            "chinatown",
            "dining",
            "lifting",
            "soldier",
            "dc",
            "guard",
            "dick",
            "law",
            "washington",
            "et",
            "hokanson",
            "inauguration",
            "capitol",
            "durbin",
            "impeachment",
            "tuesday",
            "thursday",
            "ban",
            "mayor",
            "fence",
            "president",
            "process",
            "address",
            "joe",
            "fencing",
            "ali",
            "crew",
            "enforcement",
            "army",
            "illinois",
            "democrat",
            "friday",
            "capital",
            "senate",
            "leader",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "majority",
            "daniel",
            "wednesday",
            "preparation",
            "gen.",
            "frame",
            "dupont",
            "security",
            "p.m.",
            "january",
            "us",
            "troop",
            "logan",
            "session",
            "foggy",
            "complex"
        ]
    },
    "30": {
        "id": "1611472253.111563",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/business/unilever-living-wage/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Owner of Ben and Jerry's: We'll ensure every worker in our supply chain gets a living wage",
        "body_text": "The living wage initiative will extend to 65,000 direct suppliers and several thousand agricultural businesses, chief procurement officer David Ingram told CNN Business. Unilever (UL) is one of the world's biggest consumer goods companies and its supply chain includes more than 1.5 million farmers, according to its website.\n \"The two biggest threats that the world currently faces are climate change and social inequality. The past year has undoubtedly widened the social divide,\" CEO Alan Jope said.\n The coronavirus pandemic has worsened global inequality and is expected to increase extreme poverty \u2014 defined as living on less than $1.90 a day \u2014 for the first time in over two decades, according to the World Bank. Unequal access to vaccines among rich countries and poor countries risks worsening the divide.\n That will only increase pressure from activists and consumers for companies to tackle inequality. Several clothing retailers, including H&M (HNNMY) and Asos (ASOMY), have committed to paying living wages in their garment supply chains. And major German supermarkets chains, including Aldi and Lidl, last year signed a voluntary agreement to promote living wages in their supply chains.\n Unilever said that a living wage should allow workers to break the cycle of poverty. \"It allows people to afford a decent standard of living, covering a family's basic needs: food, water, housing, education, healthcare, transportation, clothing; and includes a provision for unexpected events,\" it added.\n The commitment forms part of the company's sustainability goals, which include plans to ditch fossil fuels in its laundry and cleaning brands and make all 70,000 of its products biodegradable over the next decade.\n Countries in Africa and South America, and others which supply Unilever with key commodities, such as India, Malaysia and Indonesia, will be prioritized.\n Martha and Richard Anker, partners in the Global Living Wage Coalition and creators of the Anker Methodology for estimating a living wage, said that Unilever's commitment is a \"very positive step\" by a leading company that could set an example to other firms.\n \"It is important that this is done with full transparency [and] the living wage and living income targets they set in different parts of the world are independently determined ... and not something Unilever in any way sets themselves or influences,\" they told CNN Business.\n Unilever currently requires its suppliers to pay legal minimum wages. Ingram said it will work with NGOs, suppliers, other businesses and governments in an effort to establish living wages for the countries where it operates.\n \"The core of what we're trying to do is make a change that is systemic [and] wide enough that ideally sectors and governments institute living wages as a natural base,\" said Ingram.\n Living wages are often considerably higher than minimum wages, which can be extremely low in poorer countries. In Ivory Coast, where Unilever sources cocoa beans for its Magnum ice creams, the rural living wage for 2020 was 68% higher than the national minimum wage, according to a report by the Global Living Wage Coalition.\n Asked whether Unilever's margins would be squeezed by its commitment to a living wage, Ingram said there would be a cost to the company and its suppliers but it would be \"absorbed in the value chain,\" and in some cases covered by helping suppliers to be more productive.\n For example, developing sustainable agriculture systems in poor countries could boost crop yields and increase farmers' incomes. \"We're not exactly sure what that gap and cost will be but what we are sure of is that the consumer won't end up paying more,\" he added.\n But Fairtrade International said that price must be an \"integral part of any living wage pledge\" to avoid negative impacts on producers and their workforce. \"There is a correlation for instance between very low wages in tea estates and consumer prices,\" senior adviser on workers' rights and trade union relations Wilbert Flinterman told CNN Business.\n \"Fully closing the living wage gap will depend on commitment and collaboration between different actors across the supply chain \u2014 from producers to traders and retailers,\" he said.",
        "tags": [
            "aldi",
            "indonesia",
            "cnn",
            "chain",
            "divide",
            "ul",
            "coalition",
            "garment",
            "fairtrade",
            "malaysia",
            "anker",
            "asomy",
            "south",
            "global",
            "supply",
            "decade",
            "hnnmy",
            "inequality",
            "alan",
            "institute",
            "procurement",
            "magnum",
            "india",
            "wilbert",
            "coronavirus",
            "unilever",
            "website",
            "pandemic",
            "living",
            "lidl",
            "ivory",
            "america",
            "activist",
            "wage",
            "africa",
            "countries",
            "agreement",
            "threat",
            "poverty",
            "climate",
            "supplier",
            "company",
            "methodology",
            "consumer",
            "international",
            "flinterman",
            "farmer",
            "asos",
            "h&m",
            "david",
            "ngos",
            "officer",
            "retailer",
            "richard",
            "coast",
            "pressure",
            "supermarket",
            "access",
            "ingram",
            "ceo",
            "initiative",
            "martha",
            "risk",
            "vaccine",
            "clothing",
            "bank",
            "jope"
        ]
    },
    "31": {
        "id": "1611472253.610583",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/homeland-security-pause-some-deportations/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "DHS pauses some deportations for 100 days",
        "body_text": "The Department of Homeland Security is pausing deportations for 100 days, the department announced late Wednesday, with some exceptions.\n The announced pause on deportations joins a list of sweeping changes made by President Joe Biden only hours after taking office, including halting border wall construction, drawing down the controversial \"remain in Mexico\" policy and revoking former President Donald Trump's immigration enforcement actions.\n The decision to temporarily halt deportations was made \"to ensure we have a fair and effective immigration enforcement system focused on protecting national security, border security, and public safety,\" according to a DHS news release. The moratorium, which Biden had pledged to impose during his campaign, will start Friday.\n The moratorium covers most deportations but excludes individuals who came to the US after November 1, are suspected of terrorism or espionage or pose a danger to national security, have waived rights to remain in the US or who've been determined removable by the acting director, according to an agency memo dated Wednesday\n The pause is intended to allow time for an internal review.\n \"(W)e must ensure that our removal resources are directed to the Department's highest enforcement priorities,\" the memo reads, later adding: \"The process shall provide for assessments of alternatives to removal including, but not limited to, staying or reopening cases, alternative forms of detention, custodial detention, whether to grant temporary deferred action, or other appropriate action.\"\n Acting Homeland Security Secretary David Pekoske directed the department's three immigration agencies to review policies and practices relating to immigration enforcement, citing in part ongoing challenges at the US-Mexico border, according to the memo.\n \"The United States faces significant operational challenges at the southwest border as it is confronting the most serious global public health crisis in a century,\" the memo reads. \"In light of those unique circumstances, the Department must surge resources to the border in order to ensure safe, legal and orderly processing, to rebuild fair and effective asylum procedures that respect human rights and due process, to adopt appropriate public health guidelines and protocols, and to prioritize responding to threats to national security, public safety, and border security.\"\n The memo also sets up priorities for enforcement, marking a return to Obama-era practices. Those categories include national security, border security and public safety.\n This story has been updated with additional reporting.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "memo",
            "exception",
            "release",
            "mexico",
            "individual",
            "acting",
            "moratorium",
            "pause",
            "agency",
            "removal",
            "action",
            "W)e",
            "homeland",
            "president",
            "safety",
            "campaign",
            "resource",
            "espionage",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "right",
            "deportation",
            "wall",
            "enforcement",
            "friday",
            "policy",
            "system",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "david",
            "terrorism",
            "review",
            "november",
            "pekoske",
            "dhs",
            "biden",
            "danger",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "immigration",
            "director",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "construction",
            "us",
            "priority",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "32": {
        "id": "1611472254.470164",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/immigration-daca-border-wall-biden-agenda/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden starts fast on immigration by halting border wall and travel ban while embracing DACA ",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden kicked off his term by signing out a series of immigration executive actions, moving swiftly to undo many Trump administration policies and ending the national emergency that diverted millions of dollars to the border wall.\n Biden outlined an ambitious immigration agenda on the campaign trail that would reverse the actions of his predecessor, vowing -- for example -- to introduce comprehensive immigration legislation and maintain programs that provide relief to immigrants living in the United States.\n While some changes can be jump-started through executive actions this week, other immigration policy changes will take more time.\n \"There's a long way to go. These are just executive actions,\" Biden told reporters Wednesday, appearing as president in the Oval Office for the first time. \"But we're going to need legislation for a lot of these we're going to do.\"\n That includes the administration's immigration bill that provides a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants living in the United States, modernizes the US immigration system, invests in border technology and provides aid to Central America, according to incoming White House officials.\n The Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which shields undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children from deportation, has been in limbo since President Donald Trump tried to terminate the program in 2017.\n While the Supreme Court blocked Trump's attempt to end DACA, his administration continued to try to limit the program.\n Biden signed a presidential memorandum directing the Homeland Security secretary, in consultation with the attorney general, to take actions preserving the program. Biden's proposed immigration legislation will include an immediate pathway to citizenship for beneficiaries of the program.\n Biden moved to end the national emergency declaration that allowed Trump to dip into additional funds for his border wall and will pause wall construction projects until further review, taking aim at a key element of Trump's legacy.\n The border wall, which Trump repeatedly cited over the last four years as an accomplishment, cost US taxpayers -- not Mexico, as Trump repeatedly and falsely promised -- billions and became emblematic of the former President's restrictionist immigration policies.\n Since January 2017, roughly $15 billion has been identified to construct around 738 miles of border wall through different funds, including those made available through Trump's declaration of a national emergency.\n Of the roughly 453 miles completed under Trump, the majority replaced old, dilapidated barriers with a new enhanced wall system, a marked difference from the fencing previously constructed in some regions. Forty-seven miles have gone up where no barriers previously existed, according to Customs and Border Protection.\n In the waning days of Trump's presidency, the White House continued to push relevant federal agencies to obligate funds available for the wall regardless of whether land has been obtained for construction, CNN previously reported -- a move seemingly intended to tie up funds prior to Biden taking office.\n Trump kicked off his presidency signing a hastily put-together executive order restricting entry into the US from predominantly Muslim countries. Biden moved to repeal those bans.\n He will also instruct the State Department to restart visa processing for affected countries and will call for a review of other Trump administration \"extreme vetting\" practices.\n Biden's immigration bill includes a provision that would limit presidential authority to issue future bans.\n Trump signed a presidential memorandum last year that would exclude undocumented immigrants when splitting seats in the House of Representatives among the states. Biden signed revoked Trump's orders and will commit to presenting to Congress an apportionment that is \"fair and accurate.\"\n Biden signed presidential memorandum extending Deferred Enforced Departure -- a form of relief for people from countries facing unrest or natural disasters -- until June 30, 2022, for Liberians residing in the United States.\n The bill would provide an immediate pathway to citizenship for farmworkers, DACA recipients and Temporary Protected Status holders. It sketches out a plan for undocumented immigrants that would allow them to eventually apply for green cards if they pass background checks and pay taxes.\n The bill also aims to clear visa backlogs, improve immigration courts and authorize funding for border technology, as well as provide $4 billion in funding to increase assistance to El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras and to set up safe and legal channels for migrants to seek protection.\n A group of House Democrats, led by Rep. Linda Sanchez, announced Wednesday they will lead the effort to pass Biden's immigration bill on Capitol Hill.\n In a narrowly-held Senate, the climb on immigration is steep especially given how far to the right Republicans have moved on the issue since the 2013 bipartisan bill. Sen. Bob Menendez will lead the bill on the Senate side. This is yet another sign of the coordinated approach the Biden administration is taking with Democratic allies on the hill to push their agenda forward.\n Migrants arrested at the US-Mexico border will no longer be enrolled in a program requiring they remain in Mexico as their immigration hearings play out in the US, the Department of Homeland Security said Wednesday.\n The \"remain in Mexico\" program has forced thousands of people to wait in makeshift camps at the border, often in deplorable conditions. While the latest announcement marks a significant change, migrants apprehended at the southern border have largely been turned away under a public health order related to the coronavirus pandemic.\n Coronavirus-related border restrictions remain in place, DHS said Wednesday.\n Biden condemned the \"remain in Mexico\" policy during his campaign and is quickly moving to bring it to a halt.\n The change in policy doesn't affect people currently in the program. \"All current MPP participants should remain where they are, pending further official information from U.S. government officials,\" DHS said.\n Biden revoked Trump's 2017 executive order that made all undocumented immigrants a priority for arrest by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, saying his administration will \"reset the policies and practices for enforcing civil immigration laws to align enforcement with these values and priorities.\"Biden also called on his administration to review agency actions put in place under Trump's 2017 order and issue revised guidance.\n CNN's Lauren Fox contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "el",
            "united",
            "representatives",
            "cnn",
            "congress",
            "mexico",
            "emergency",
            "trail",
            "program",
            "predecessor",
            "status",
            "daca",
            "liberians",
            "term",
            "enforced",
            "deferred",
            "agenda",
            "rep.",
            "reporter",
            "bill",
            "aid",
            "oval",
            "salvador",
            "honduras",
            "series",
            "relief",
            "lot",
            "action",
            "pathway",
            "june",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "homeland",
            "president",
            "campaign",
            "sanchez",
            "era",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "state",
            "childhood",
            "guatemala",
            "official",
            "wall",
            "policy",
            "system",
            "trump",
            "central",
            "arrivals",
            "million",
            "biden",
            "protection",
            "democrats",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "dollar",
            "technology",
            "linda",
            "invest",
            "immigration",
            "legislation",
            "immigrant",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "court",
            "departure",
            "customs"
        ]
    },
    "33": {
        "id": "1611472255.141116",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/asia/north-korea-squid-fishing-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "North Korea's 'dark' fishing fleet went quiet in 2020, likely pressuring the country's imperiled food supply",
        "body_text": "The number of North Korean ships in the country's \"dark fleet\" fishing for squid plummeted in 2020, new data shows, depriving the impoverished country of a popular staple during a year when food supply was already dangerously low.\n Research from nonprofit Global Fishing Watch found that the number of aggregate days North Korean vessels spent squid fishing in Russian waters dropped 95%, from 146,800 to 6,600. Squid fishing in North Korea's own territorial waters also suffered a massive decline.\n The ships are referred to as part of North Korea's \"dark fleet\" because they do not publicly broadcast their location or appear in public monitoring systems, often in violation of global maritime regulations. Dozens of these ships, which  are poorly equipped to travel long distances, have washed up on Japanese shores in recent years, sometimes with dead sailors aboard.\n Global Fishing Watch used satellite imagery and other maritime monitoring technologies to track the number of squid fishing ships over the May to November fishing season. Squid fishing is among the easiest operations to track from afar because it is usually done at night with powerful lighting equipment.\n Squid is popular throughout Northeast Asia, and rising demand in recent years has threatened the sustainability of the already dwindling squid stocks in the region, according to Global Fishing Watch. In North Korea, squid is fermented, pickled, barbecued, stir-fried or dried and served as a snack.\n Jaeyoon Park, a senior data scientist at Global Fishing Watch, said the unprecedented decline appeared to be due to the stringent entry and exit controls North Korean leader Kim Jong Un put in place to keep Covid-19 out of the country.\n Experts believe Kim sealed North Korea's borders last year and severed the last of its scant ties with the outside world because he knows Pyongyang's decrepit health care infrastructure would be overwhelmed by a coronavirus outbreak.\n North Korea says it has not contracted a single case of Covid-19, a claim most experts dismiss as propaganda. But the country has seemingly been spared from a major wave of infections, thanks in part to stringent anti-epidemic measures, controls on the movement of people and the border lockdown.\n Those preventative measures, however, have proven costly. Trade between Beijing and Pyongyang -- an economic lifeline most experts believe North Korea needs to keep its people from going hungry -- dropped by more than 80% in 2020, according to data from China's customs agency published Monday.\n Nearly 10.1 million people suffer from food insecurity in North Korea and are in \"urgent need of food assistance,\" according to an April 2020 report from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.\n Pyongyang often struggles to adequately feed its people because of economic mismanagement, international sanctions and the country's dearth of arable land and modern agricultural equipment. But things are almost certainly worse now due to the tightened border restrictions and heavy rains this summer that flooded farmland and destroyed crops.\n While there appears to be enough food to go around, the supply is under more strain than at any time since the famine of the 1990s, according to Chad O'Carroll, the CEO of Korea Risk Group, which produces North Korea publications NK Pro and NK News.\n \"We can safely say there are nationwide shortages of several key food types,\" he said.\n North Korean fisherman often operate illegally outside the country's own waters because of overcrowding.\n Pyongyang allegedly sold its territorial fishing rights to other countries, according to United Nations investigators, despite the fact that fishing in its waters or trading in North Korean fish violates international law.\n The trade, which was worth an estimated $300 million a year, was sanctioned in 2017 by the UN Security Council as part of its effort to punish the Kim regime for its repeated ballistic missile tests that year.\n A groundbreaking study published by Global Fishing Watch in 2020 found that squid fishing ships with ties to China were operating in North Korean waters and displacing North Korea's own fishing fleet, forcing many in rickety boats to sail farther from home into rougher, more dangerous seas.\n Many did not survive the journey.\n Global Fishing Watch's Park said squid fishing in both Russian and North Korean territorial waters dropped dramatically in 2020. During the peak of the season from September through November, Global Fishing Watch found 50% fewer ships of Chinese origin operating in North Korean waters than it did over the same time in previous years.\n North Korean squid fishing boats, however, did not take advantage. There was no corresponding increase of North Korean squid fishing in the country's own territorial waters, so it's likely a large amount of North Korea's squid supply \"completely disappeared in 2020,\" Park said.\n CNN's Gawon Bae contributed reporting",
        "tags": [
            "coordination",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "nations",
            "pyongyang",
            "demand",
            "jaeyoon",
            "o'carroll",
            "global",
            "supply",
            "season",
            "monitoring",
            "distance",
            "nk",
            "fishing",
            "squid",
            "region",
            "regulation",
            "asia",
            "lighting",
            "fleet",
            "operation",
            "jong",
            "dozen",
            "shore",
            "water",
            "kim",
            "china",
            "council",
            "research",
            "gawon",
            "location",
            "bae",
            "beijing",
            "night",
            "sailor",
            "system",
            "northeast",
            "satellite",
            "violation",
            "humanitarian",
            "november",
            "affairs",
            "decline",
            "stock",
            "equipment",
            "covid-19",
            "technology",
            "may",
            "vessel",
            "korea",
            "un",
            "monday",
            "ceo",
            "sustainability",
            "chad",
            "security",
            "risk",
            "datum",
            "imagery",
            "staple",
            "april",
            "pro",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "34": {
        "id": "1611472256.366552",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/avril-haines-confirmation-vote/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Senate confirms Avril Haines as director of national intelligence, the first Biden Cabinet nominee confirmed",
        "body_text": "The Senate confirmed President Joe Biden's first Cabinet nominee Wednesday evening, voting to approve his pick for director of national intelligence, Avril Haines, on his first day in office\n Haines' confirmation as the first woman to lead the US intelligence community, which was approved in the Senate by 84 to 10, continues a recent Senate precedent of confirming Cabinet nominees the day a new president is sworn in, though Biden is getting fewer nominees approved quickly than his predecessors. The Senate confirmed two of former President Donald Trump's on his first day, and even more for former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush.\n Biden may struggle to get additional nominees confirmed quickly, as those confirmations could be stalled until Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer cut a deal on a resolution outlining how they'll share power in the Senate, GOP and Democratic senators said Wednesday.\n Haines' day-one confirmation was in doubt for much of Wednesday, after Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas objected to her confirmation until she clarified an answer during her Senate Intelligence Committee confirmation hearing about the CIA's interrogation program during the George W. Bush administration. Haines responded to a written follow-up question on Wednesday, and Cotton lifted his hold, clearing the way for Wednesday's vote.\n Haines will become the first woman to serve as director of national intelligence, taking over an intelligence community that was repeatedly disparaged and sidelined by Trump throughout his four years in office. The director of national intelligence is the president's top intelligence official and leads an agency that coordinates the entire intelligence community, a total of 17 agencies and organizations.\n In addition to Haines, Janet Yellen to the Treasury Department is another nominee likely to get a quick vote in the Senate, but there still needs to be an agreement to hold votes on the nominations. It remains to be seen when other nominees might be considered.\n Still, Cotton's temporary hold underscores the roadblocks for Biden's nominees to be swiftly confirmed, with Senate floor votes bypassing committees requiring the cooperation of all 100 senators. Sen. Josh Hawley, a Missouri Republican, already said Tuesday that he would block quick confirmation of Biden's Homeland Security nominee, Alejandro Mayorkas, over immigration policy.\n With the swearing in of Georgia's two new senators Wednesday, Schumer has become majority leader in a 50-50 Senate. But the power-sharing agreement will specify how many Democratic and Republican senators will sit on the various committees -- and will formally allow Democrats to assume the chairmanships of the key committees. Without an agreement, the committee ratios from the last Congress -- when Republicans maintained control of the Senate -- will continue. And that means that Biden will need cooperation from Republicans to begin committee consideration, or he'll have to wait until McConnell and Schumer reach an agreement on the resolution.\n \"Committees, I think, will be stalled until it's agreed to,\" Sen. Roy Blunt, a member of Senate GOP leadership, said to CNN.\n That raises the stakes for the talks between McConnell and Schumer, which hit a snag on Tuesday when the GOP leader demanded that Schumer take off the table the possibility that Democrats may try to gut the filibuster, which is the potent stall tactic that could derail legislation absent 60 votes. Many Democrats have called for changes to filibuster rules to reduce the threshold to 51 votes, but Schumer lacks enough support within his caucus to invoke the so-called nuclear option to change the rules.\n Nevertheless, McConnell has asked Schumer for assurances that the filibuster will be spared, something that Schumer has yet to do. Schumer has called on the Senate rules to mirror the 2001 agreement when the chamber was also initially split 50-50, with both sides holding an equal number of seats on committees and tied votes on legislation and nominations would go straight to the floor.\n Until Haines is sworn in, the director of national intelligence role will be filled in an acting capacity by ODNI Chief Operating Officer Lora Shiao, a senior intelligence official told CNN.\n Shiao served as COO under President Donald Trump's DNI John Ratcliffe, who has left the job as expected.\n At CIA, Biden's pick for deputy director, David Cohen, will serve as acting director until the permanent nominee is confirmed. Biden's pick for CIA director is former diplomat William Burns.\n Haines pledged at her confirmation hearing to take politics out of the intelligence community, after four years where Trump was constantly clashing with the intelligence community and accused the so-called \"deep state\" of undermining his presidency. In a sign of Biden's prioritizing her role, he named Haines as his DNI pick well before selecting a CIA director, and he is not keeping the CIA post as a member of his Cabinet like Trump did.\n \"Given the critical importance of the role of the director of national intelligence to our country's security, it is appropriate that Avril Haines has now become the first member of the new administration to be confirmed by the Senate in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote,\" said Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the incoming Senate Intelligence Committee chairman. \"After being deliberately undermined for four years, the Intelligence Community deserves a strong, Senate-confirmed leader to lead and reinvigorate it.\"\n Cotton said Wednesday that he also wanted Haines confirmed quickly, given her important intelligence role. But he said he was concerned with Haines' response to a question from Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden about accountability inside the CIA over the Bush-era interrogation program that included the use of harsh tactics like waterboarding.\n Following a review of the Senate Intelligence Committee's \"torture report\" in 2013, Wyden noted at Wednesday's hearing that the CIA recommended broadening accountability reviews to include \"systemic failures in accountability for individuals who were responsible for the failures.\"\n \"Do you agree with this recommendation, and if you are confirmed would you seek to apply it to the intelligence community?\" Wyden asked.\n \"Yes, senator, I agree with the 2013 recommendation that the Central Intelligence Agency indicated and to broaden the approach of accountability review boards that the report identified,\" Haines responded.\n Cotton, who did not question Haines during the open hearing Tuesday, asked Haines to clarify her answer during the Senate Intelligence Committee's subsequent closed session, he said. He submitted a question in writing afterward.\n \"During the subsequent closed session, you clarified that, if confirmed, any changes to the structure of accountability review boards or other administrative procedures would be forward looking, and that you would not re-litigate the conclusion of the CIA review into the rendition program or the Obama Administration's closure of related investigations,\" Cotton asked Haines. \"Can you confirm that you will not reinvigorate efforts to prosecute, take administrative action against, or prejudice in any future promotion or selection panels any CIA officer involved with that program under DOJ guidance and Presidential direction?\"\n Cotton said he received sufficient assurances from Haines to lift the hold on her nomination. \"I'm ready to vote on this nomination,\" he said.\n This story has been updated with additional developments Wednesday.",
        "tags": [
            "congress",
            "yellen",
            "josh",
            "roadblock",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "senator",
            "program",
            "sen.",
            "mitch",
            "predecessor",
            "addition",
            "community",
            "cia",
            "chuck",
            "schumer",
            "confirmation",
            "agency",
            "cotton",
            "georgia",
            "deal",
            "mayorkas",
            "treasury",
            "missouri",
            "committee",
            "power",
            "alejandro",
            "tuesday",
            "homeland",
            "precedent",
            "janet",
            "vote",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "cooperation",
            "barack",
            "us",
            "avril",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "doubt",
            "nominee",
            "nomination",
            "resolution",
            "cabinet",
            "hawley",
            "official",
            "organization",
            "haines",
            "republican",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "leader",
            "biden",
            "arkansas",
            "mcconnell",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "gop",
            "intelligence",
            "tom",
            "interrogation",
            "haine",
            "director",
            "follow",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "immigration",
            "democratic"
        ]
    },
    "35": {
        "id": "1611472256.929507",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/amanda-gorman-inaugural-poem-transcript/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "READ: Youth poet laureate Amanda Gorman's inaugural poem",
        "body_text": "Amanda Gorman, the nation's first-ever youth poet laureate, read the following poem during the inauguration of President Joe Biden on January 20:\n When day comes we ask ourselves,\n where can we find light in this never-ending shade?\n The loss we carry,\n a sea we must wade\n We've braved the belly of the beast\n We've learned that quiet isn't always peace\n And the norms and notions\n of what just is\n Isn't always just-ice\n And yet the dawn is ours\n before we knew it\n Somehow we do it\n Somehow we've weathered and witnessed\n a nation that isn't broken\n but simply unfinished\n We the successors of a country and a time\n Where a skinny Black girl\n descended from slaves and raised by a single mother\n can dream of becoming president\n only to find herself reciting for one\n And yes we are far from polished\n far from pristine\n but that doesn't mean we are\n striving to form a union that is perfect\n We are striving to forge a union with purpose\n To compose a country committed to all cultures, colors, characters and\n conditions of man\n And so we lift our gazes not to what stands between us\n but what stands before us\n We close the divide because we know, to put our future first,\n we must first put our differences aside\n We lay down our arms\n so we can reach out our arms\n to one another\n We seek harm to none and harmony for all\n Let the globe, if nothing else, say this is true:\n That even as we grieved, we grew\n That even as we hurt, we hoped\n That even as we tired, we tried\n That we'll forever be tied together, victorious\n Not because we will never again know defeat\n but because we will never again sow division\n Scripture tells us to envision\n that everyone shall sit under their own vine and fig tree\n And no one shall make them afraid\n If we're to live up to our own time\n Then victory won't lie in the blade\n But in all the bridges we've made\n That is the promise to glade\n The hill we climb\n If only we dare\n It's because being American is more than a pride we inherit,\n it's the past we step into\n and how we repair it\n We've seen a force that would shatter our nation\n rather than share it\n Would destroy our country if it meant delaying democracy\n And this effort very nearly succeeded\n But while democracy can be periodically delayed\n it can never be permanently defeated\n In this truth\n in this faith we trust\n For while we have our eyes on the future\n history has its eyes on us\n This is the era of just redemption\n We feared at its inception\n We did not feel prepared to be the heirs\n of such a terrifying hour\n but within it we found the power\n to author a new chapter\n To offer hope and laughter to ourselves\n So while once we asked,\n how could we possibly prevail over catastrophe?\n Now we assert\n How could catastrophe possibly prevail over us?\n We will not march back to what was\n but move to what shall be\n A country that is bruised but whole,\n benevolent but bold,\n fierce and free\n We will not be turned around\n or interrupted by intimidation\n because we know our inaction and inertia\n will be the inheritance of the next generation\n Our blunders become their burdens\n But one thing is certain:\n If we merge mercy with might,\n and might with right,\n then love becomes our legacy\n and change our children's birthright\n So let us leave behind a country\n better than the one we were left with\n Every breath from my bronze-pounded chest,\n we will raise this wounded world into a wondrous one\n We will rise from the gold-limbed hills of the west,\n we will rise from the windswept northeast\n where our forefathers first realized revolution\n We will rise from the lake-rimmed cities of the midwestern states,\n we will rise from the sunbaked south\n We will rebuild, reconcile and recover\n and every known nook of our nation and\n every corner called our country,\n our people diverse and beautiful will emerge,\n battered and beautiful\n When day comes we step out of the shade,\n aflame and unafraid\n The new dawn blooms as we free it\n For there is always light,\n if only we're brave enough to see it\n If only we're brave enough to be it",
        "tags": [
            "globe",
            "poet",
            "mother",
            "divide",
            "youth",
            "shade",
            "amanda",
            "american",
            "union",
            "difference",
            "belly",
            "successor",
            "pristine",
            "beast",
            "inauguration",
            "loss",
            "dawn",
            "girl",
            "poem",
            "president",
            "harm",
            "character",
            "joe",
            "scripture",
            "laureate",
            "sea",
            "norm",
            "none",
            "northeast",
            "harmony",
            "biden",
            "slave",
            "purpose",
            "culture",
            "color",
            "gaze",
            "west",
            "notion",
            "january",
            "gorman"
        ]
    },
    "36": {
        "id": "1611472257.419229",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/executive-actions-biden/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden targets Trump's legacy with first-day executive actions",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden is finalizing 17 executive moves just hours after his inauguration Wednesday, moving faster and more aggressively to dismantle his predecessor's legacy than any other modern president.\n Biden is signing a flurry of executive orders, memorandums and directives to agencies, his first steps to address the coronavirus pandemic and undo some of former President Donald Trump's signature policies.\n \"There's no time to start like today,\" Biden told reporters in the Oval Office as he began signing a stack of orders and memoranda. \"I'm going to start by keeping the promises I made to the American people.\"\n With the stroke of a pen, Biden has halted funding for the construction of Trump's border wall, reversed his travel ban targeting largely Muslim countries and embraced progressive policies on the environment and diversity that Trump spent four years blocking.\n Biden also reversed several of Trump's attempts to withdraw from international agreements, beginning the process of rejoining the Paris climate accord and halting the United States' departure from the World Health Organization -- where Dr. Anthony Fauci, the government's top infectious disease expert, will lead the US delegation.\n His first action was to impose a mask mandate on federal property, a break in approach to dealing with the pandemic from Trump, who repeatedly downplayed the virus. Biden also installed a coronavirus response coordinator to oversee the White House's efforts to distribute vaccines and medical supplies.\n Press secretary Jen Psaki and other top Biden officials had told reporters on the eve of his inauguration that the first-day actions are only part of what will be a series of moves to undo Trump policies and implement Biden's campaign promises in his first weeks in office.\n He plans to follow Inauguration Day by centering each day of January on a specific theme, according to a draft of a calendar document sent to administration allies and viewed by CNN.\n Thursday, Biden's first full day in office, will be focused on the coronavirus pandemic, and Friday will highlight Biden's push for economic relief -- including executive orders restoring federal employees' collective bargaining rights and directing agency action on safety net programs, including Medicaid and unemployment insurance.\n The themes next week will be \"Buy American,\" with a Monday executive order beefing up requirements for government purchases of goods and services from US companies; equity on Tuesday, coupled with a push to eliminate private prisons; climate on Wednesday with an executive order kicking off regulatory actions reestablishing the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology and combating climate change; health care on Thursday, a day on which Biden will rescind the so-called Mexico City Policy blocking federal funding for non-governmental organizations that provide abortion services; and immigration on Friday, when Biden plans to sign executive orders focused on border processing and refugee policies and establish a family reunification task force.\n February will focus on what's identified in the calendar document as \"restoring America's place in the world.\"\n Here's a look at the 17 actions Biden took on his first day in office:",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "diversity",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "mexico",
            "directive",
            "predecessor",
            "signature",
            "reporter",
            "american",
            "agency",
            "anthony",
            "coronavirus",
            "funding",
            "pandemic",
            "inauguration",
            "america",
            "stack",
            "tuesday",
            "thursday",
            "ban",
            "psaki",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "science",
            "process",
            "climate",
            "council",
            "memorandum",
            "joe",
            "medicaid",
            "dr.",
            "legacy",
            "flurry",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "friday",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "wall",
            "stroke",
            "government",
            "biden",
            "accord",
            "attempt",
            "wednesday",
            "paris",
            "technology",
            "jen",
            "advisors",
            "monday",
            "environment",
            "february",
            "donald",
            "fauci",
            "us",
            "oval",
            "january",
            "construction",
            "departure",
            "executive"
        ]
    },
    "37": {
        "id": "1611472257.890692",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/biden-inauguration-ukraine-scherba/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Now America can inspire the world again",
        "body_text": "Olexander Scherba is Ukraine's ambassador to Austria. A career diplomat who has served in Germany and the United States, he is a former ambassador-at-large in Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, an adviser to the first vice prime minister of Ukraine in 2013-2014, and an adviser to Arseniy Yatsenyuk during his 2010 presidential bid. The opinions expressed here are his own. Read more opinion at CNN.\nThe January 6 storming of the US Capitol shocked millions of people outside America to the core. When watching the sickening pictures of the \"insurrection,\" I was thinking back to August 2018. America was bidding its final farewell to Sen. John McCain. Political leaders, Republicans and Democrats -- they came together as Americans to send a message of unity around his casket in the Capitol Rotunda. To me, that sad moment was also a moral highpoint. One of many in this sacred place called the US Capitol. What a striking contrast to what the world saw on January 6, 2021. The low point.\n I'm sure America will survive the hate that afflicts some Americans -- but, like many people around the world, I'm hurting. I don't have the right to judge, but I have a right to hurt. It pains me to see America like this. \"I loved it for its decency; for its faith in the wisdom, justice and goodness of its people. I loved it because it was not just a place, but an idea, a cause worth fighting for\"-- those were McCain's words.\n America is a home for millions, but a \"shining city on a hill\" for billions -- for people like me, who aren't Americans but believe in freedom, truth, respect. So, please, don't take it as intrusion, if many people around the world take this turmoil to the heart as if it was theirs.\n What also hurts me is the parallels drawn between Ukraine's two revolutions and the events of January 6. For starters, Ukraine's \"Orange revolution\" of 2004 was 100% peaceful. Back then, Ukraine's government (incited by Russia) did everything to provoke violence. It brought to Kyiv thousands of Eastern Ukrainians, mostly coal miners, in the hope that they would clash with protesters. It didn't work. No one wanted to clash. Instead, the Maidan protesters listened to messages of peace, shared food, clothes and hot tea, and placed orange flowers onto soldiers' riot shields. What was supposed to be a breaking point became a moment of unity. Short-lived, but unforgettable.\n In 2013-2014, the government (again, with Russia's backing) made sure Ukraine's second revolution, the Euromaidan wouldn't be so peaceful. It all started with the riot police beating hundreds to suppress the protest. The morning after, in the place of hundreds there were thousands. Maidan (Kyiv's main square) was packed -- the pictures went around the globe. Not many in the world knew that the space under Maidan is packed with boutiques and fashion stores. I was in Kyiv at the time, so I saw for myself what was reported in the Kyiv Post: not a single one was looted during the months of the revolution. And even after dozens were brutally killed in the third month, the revolutionaries didn't turn into a vengeful mob. The vengeful mob came later -- with the Russian occupation.\n What I'm trying to say is this: you can tell the difference about whether people are just fooled and blind in their rage or whether they're fighting for freedom. Ukraine's two revolutions were not \"insurrections.\" They will be proud moments to look back on. What happened in Washington, DC, on January 6, 2021, will live in infamy.\n Many years ago, I fell in love with the America that McCain referred to. For me personally, it was New Hampshire countryside -- the place where I spent three weeks as an exchange student when the Soviet Union was still alive. It was March 1991. It snowed in Moscow when we left -- and it was almost cherry blossom time in Washington, where everything felt unreal, as if I were inside a TV set. Then we came to New Hampshire -- and it was more like being inside a Mark Twain novel. There I met the warmest, nicest, funniest, most compassionate people I had ever seen.\n They weren't \"America first\". They cared about others. They made my world bigger and lighter. I decided to become a diplomat to meet more people like that. That's what America does:  changes lives. It certainly changed mine. It was McCain's America. I hope President Joe Biden can bring it back. For me, an outsider, it's the only conceivable way for the country to be great again.\n In the four years that have passed, America wasn't great. Neither was the world. The transatlantic relationship was strained. Europe didn't understand America and America didn't care about Europe. Unfreedom was on the march, led by Vladimir Putin. Russia attacked its neighbors and damaged the souls of those it didn't dare attack. Putin managed to convince millions that America isn't better than any other country -- and may even be worse. At moments, it appeared that he convinced even President Donald Trump of that.\n For a short moment in history, the shining city on the hill disappeared under a dark cloud, but I know it's still there. Those who believe in freedom hope the cloud will go away under Biden. Those who hate freedom hope there is nothing but shambles left underneath.\n Americans need to prove these latter ones wrong. I would start with a simple answer: \"Yes, we are better.\"  It's time to remind people what America is: \"Not a place, but a cause worth fighting for.\"",
        "tags": [
            "austria",
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "farewell",
            "vice",
            "scherba",
            "soviet",
            "olexander",
            "ministry",
            "sen.",
            "twain",
            "eastern",
            "opinion",
            "hampshire",
            "faith",
            "russia",
            "mccain",
            "moscow",
            "ambassador",
            "march",
            "career",
            "europe",
            "bid",
            "republicans",
            "ukraine",
            "union",
            "dc",
            "goodness",
            "euromaidan",
            "contrast",
            "justice",
            "billion",
            "for\"--",
            "washington",
            "highpoint",
            "foreign",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "decency",
            "arseniy",
            "president",
            "hill",
            "cause",
            "insurrection",
            "right",
            "joe",
            "rotunda",
            "germany",
            "maidan",
            "message",
            "freedom",
            "john",
            "casket",
            "leader",
            "million",
            "affairs",
            "democrats",
            "kyiv",
            "ukrainians",
            "post",
            "biden",
            "diplomat",
            "core",
            "wisdom",
            "minister",
            "august",
            "adviser",
            "truth",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "yatsenyuk"
        ]
    },
    "38": {
        "id": "1611472258.441807",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/joe-biden-speech-transcript/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "READ: Joe Biden's inaugural address",
        "body_text": "Inaugural Address by President Joseph R. Biden, Jr.\n As Prepared for Delivery\n The United States Capitol\n Chief Justice Roberts, Vice President Harris, Speaker Pelosi, Leader Schumer, Leader McConnell, Vice President Pence, distinguished guests, and my fellow Americans.\n This is America's day.\n This is democracy's day.\n A day of history and hope.\n Of renewal and resolve.\n Through a crucible for the ages America has been tested anew and America has risen to the challenge.\n Today, we celebrate the triumph not of a candidate, but of a cause, the cause of democracy.\n The will of the people has been heard and the will of the people has been heeded.\n We have learned again that democracy is precious.\n Democracy is fragile.\n And at this hour, my friends, democracy has prevailed.\n So now, on this hallowed ground where just days ago violence sought to shake this Capitol's very foundation, we come together as one nation, under God, indivisible, to carry out the peaceful transfer of power as we have for more than two centuries.\n We look ahead in our uniquely American way -- restless, bold, optimistic -- and set our sights on the nation we know we can be and we must be.\n I thank my predecessors of both parties for their presence here.\n I thank them from the bottom of my heart.\n You know the resilience of our Constitution and the strength of our nation.\n As does President Carter, who I spoke to last night but who cannot be with us today, but whom we salute for his lifetime of service.\n I have just taken the sacred oath each of these patriots took \u2014 an oath first sworn by George Washington.\n But the American story depends not on any one of us, not on some of us, but on all of us.\n On \"We the People\" who seek a more perfect Union.\n This is a great nation and we are a good people.\n Over the centuries through storm and strife, in peace and in war, we have come so far. But we still have far to go.\n We will press forward with speed and urgency, for we have much to do in this winter of peril and possibility.\n Much to repair.\n Much to restore.\n Much to heal.\n Much to build.\n And much to gain.\n Few periods in our nation's history have been more challenging or difficult than the one we're in now.\n A  once-in-a-century virus silently stalks the country.\n It's taken as many lives in one year as America lost in all of World War II.\n Millions of jobs have been lost.\n Hundreds of thousands of businesses closed.\n A cry for racial justice some 400 years in the making moves us. The dream of justice for all will be deferred no longer.\n A cry for survival comes from the planet itself. A cry that can't be any more desperate or any more clear.\n And now, a rise in political extremism, white supremacy, domestic terrorism that we must confront and we will defeat.\n To overcome these challenges -- to restore the soul and to secure the future of America -- requires more than words.\n It requires that most elusive of things in a democracy:\n Unity.\n Unity.\n In another January in Washington, on New Year's Day 1863, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation.\n When he put pen to paper, the President said, \"If my name ever goes down into history it will be for this act and my whole soul is in it.\"\n My whole soul is in it.\n Today, on this January day, my whole soul is in this:\n Bringing America together.\n Uniting our people.\n And uniting our nation.\n I ask every American to join me in this cause.\n Uniting to fight the common foes we face:\n Anger, resentment, hatred.\n Extremism, lawlessness, violence.\n Disease, joblessness, hopelessness.\n With unity we can do great things. Important things.\n We can right wrongs.\n We can put people to work in good jobs.\n We can teach our children in safe schools.\n We can overcome this deadly virus.\n We can reward work, rebuild the middle class, and make health care\n secure for all.\n We can deliver racial justice.\n We can make America, once again, the leading force for good in the world.\n I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy.\n I know the forces that divide us are deep and they are real.\n But I also know they are not new.\n Our history has been a constant struggle between the American ideal that we are all created equal and the harsh, ugly reality that racism, nativism, fear, and demonization have long torn us apart.\n The battle is perennial.\n Victory is never assured.\n Through the Civil War, the Great Depression, World War, 9/11, through struggle, sacrifice, and setbacks, our \"better angels\" have always prevailed.\n In each of these moments, enough of us came together to carry all of us forward.\n And, we can do so now.\n History, faith, and reason show the way, the way of unity.\n We can see each other not as adversaries but as neighbors.\n We can treat each other with dignity and respect.\n We can join forces, stop the shouting, and lower the temperature.\n For without unity, there is no peace, only bitterness and fury.\n No progress, only exhausting outrage.\n No nation, only a state of chaos.\n This is our historic moment of crisis and challenge, and unity is the path forward.\n And, we must meet this moment as the United States of America.\n If we do that, I guarantee you, we will not fail.\n We have never, ever, ever failed in America when we have acted together.\n And so today, at this time and in this place, let us start afresh.\n All of us.\n Let us listen to one another.\n Hear one another.\n See one another.\n Show respect to one another.\n Politics need not be a raging fire destroying everything in its path.\n Every disagreement doesn't have to be a cause for total war.\n And, we must reject a culture in which facts themselves are manipulated and even manufactured.\n My fellow Americans, we have to be different than this.\n America has to be better than this.\n And, I believe America is better than this.\n Just look around.\n Here we stand, in the shadow of a Capitol dome that was completed amid the Civil War, when the Union itself hung in the balance.\n Yet we endured and we prevailed.\n Here we stand looking out to the great Mall where Dr. King spoke of his dream.\n Here we stand, where 108 years ago at another inaugural, thousands of protestors tried to block brave women from marching for the right to vote.\n Today, we mark the swearing-in of the first woman in American history elected to national office -- Vice President Kamala Harris.\n Don't tell me things can't change.\n Here we stand across the Potomac from Arlington National Cemetery, where heroes who gave the last full measure of devotion rest in eternal peace.\n And here we stand, just days after a riotous mob thought they could use violence to silence the will of the people, to stop the work of our democracy, and to drive us from this sacred ground.\n That did not happen.\n It will never happen.\n Not today.\n Not tomorrow.\n Not ever.\n To all those who supported our campaign I am humbled by the faith you have placed in us.\n To all those who did not support us, let me say this: Hear me out as we move forward. Take a measure of me and my heart.\n And if you still disagree, so be it.\n That's democracy. That's America. The right to dissent peaceably, within the guardrails of our Republic, is perhaps our nation's greatest strength.\n Yet hear me clearly: Disagreement must not lead to disunion.\n And I pledge this to you: I will be a President for all Americans.\n I will fight as hard for those who did not support me as for those who did.\n Many centuries ago, Saint Augustine, a saint of my church, wrote that a people was a multitude defined by the common objects of their love.\n What are the common objects we love that define us as Americans?\n I think I know.\n Opportunity.\n Security.\n Liberty.\n Dignity.\n Respect.\n Honor.\n And, yes, the truth.\n Recent weeks and months have taught us a painful lesson.\n There is truth and there are lies.\n Lies told for power and for profit.\n And each of us has a duty and responsibility, as citizens, as Americans, and especially as leaders -- leaders who have pledged to honor our Constitution and protect our nation \u2014 to defend the truth and to defeat the lies.\n I understand that many Americans view the future with some fear and trepidation.\n I understand they worry about their jobs, about taking care of their families, about what comes next.\n I get it.\n But the answer is not to turn inward, to retreat into competing factions, distrusting those who don't look like you do, or worship the way you do, or don't get their news from the same sources you do.\n We must end this uncivil war that pits red against blue, rural versus urban, conservative versus liberal.\n We can do this if we open our souls instead of hardening our hearts.\n If we show a little tolerance and humility.\n If we're willing to stand in the other person's shoes just for a moment.\n Because here is the thing about life: There is no accounting for what fate will deal you.\n There are some days when we need a hand.\n There are other days when we're called on to lend one.\n That is how we must be with one another.\n And, if we are this way, our country will be stronger, more prosperous, more ready for the future.\n My fellow Americans, in the work ahead of us, we will need each other.\n We will need all our strength to persevere through this dark winter.\n We are entering what may well be the toughest and deadliest period of the virus.\n We must set aside the politics and finally face this pandemic as one nation.\n I promise you this: as the Bible says weeping may endure for a night but joy cometh in the morning.\n We will get through this, together\n The world is watching today.\n So here is my message to those beyond our borders: America has been tested and we have come out stronger for it.\n We will repair our alliances and engage with the world once again.\n Not to meet yesterday's challenges, but today's and tomorrow's.\n We will lead not merely by the example of our power but by the power of our example.\n We will be a strong and trusted partner for peace, progress, and security.\n We have been through so much in this nation.\n And, in my first act as President, I would like to ask you to join me in a moment of silent prayer to remember all those we lost this past year to the pandemic.\n To those 400,000 fellow Americans -- mothers and fathers, husbands and wives, sons and daughters, friends, neighbors, and co-workers.\n We will honor them by becoming the people and nation we know we can and should be.\n Let us say a silent prayer for those who lost their lives, for those they left behind, and for our country.\n Amen.\n This is a time of testing.\n We face an attack on democracy and on truth.\n A raging virus.\n Growing inequity.\n The sting of systemic racism.\n A climate in crisis.\n America's role in the world.\n Any one of these would be enough to challenge us in profound ways.\n But the fact is we face them all at once, presenting this nation with the gravest of responsibilities.\n Now we must step up.\n All of us.\n It is a time for boldness, for there is so much to do.\n And, this is certain.\n We will be judged, you and I, for how we resolve the cascading crises of our era.\n Will we rise to the occasion?\n Will we master this rare and difficult hour?\n Will we meet our obligations and pass along a new and better world for our children?\n I believe we must and I believe we will.\n And when we do, we will write the next chapter in the American story.\n It's a story that might sound something like a song that means a lot to me.\n It's called \"American Anthem\" and there is one verse stands out for me:\n \"The work and prayers\n of centuries have brought us to this day\n What shall be our legacy?\n What will our children say?...\n Let me know in my heart\n When my days are through\n America\n America\n I gave my best to you.\"\n Let us add our own work and prayers to the unfolding story of our nation.\n If we do this then when our days are through our children and our children's children will say of us they gave their best.\n They did their duty.\n They healed a broken land.\n My fellow Americans, I close today where I began, with a sacred oath.\n Before God and all of you I give you my word.\n I will always level with you.\n I will defend the Constitution.\n I will defend our democracy.\n I will defend America.\n I will give my all in your service thinking not of power, but of possibilities.\n Not of personal interest, but of the public good.\n And together, we shall write an American story of hope, not fear.\n Of unity, not division.\n Of light, not darkness.\n An American story of decency and dignity.\n Of love and of healing.\n Of greatness and of goodness.\n May this be the story that guides us.\n The story that inspires us.\n The story that tells ages yet to come that we answered the call of history.\n We met the moment.\n That democracy and hope, truth and justice, did not die on our watch but thrived.\n That our America secured liberty at home and stood once again as a beacon to the world.\n That is what we owe our forebearers, one another, and generations to follow.\n So, with purpose and resolve we turn to the tasks of our time.\n Sustained by faith.\n Driven by conviction.\n And, devoted to one another and to this country we love with all our hearts.\n May God bless America and may God protect our troops.\n Thank you, America.\n ###",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "lincoln",
            "emancipation",
            "chief",
            "vice",
            "george",
            "disease",
            "mall",
            "triumph",
            "depression",
            "challenge",
            "delivery",
            "predecessor",
            "oath",
            "lifetime",
            "patriot",
            "constitution",
            "schumer",
            "bringing",
            "carter",
            "history",
            "joseph",
            "american",
            "strength",
            "strife",
            "pelosi",
            "democracy",
            "candidate",
            "union",
            "resilience",
            "inaugural",
            "justice",
            "ii",
            "washington",
            "abraham",
            "jr.",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "foundation",
            "hear",
            "civil",
            "violence",
            "presence",
            "pence",
            "r.",
            "president",
            "resolve",
            "crucible",
            "address",
            "extremism",
            "cause",
            "war",
            "urgency",
            "proclamation",
            "night",
            "harris",
            "leader",
            "roberts",
            "transfer",
            "biden",
            "People",
            "speaker",
            "mcconnell",
            "restless",
            "renewal",
            "sight",
            "january",
            "new",
            "guest",
            "century"
        ]
    },
    "39": {
        "id": "1611472258.916982",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/joe-biden-presidential-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden: 'Democracy has prevailed' ",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden ended his first day in office with a note of hope and optimism, closing his inaugural activities with an appearance at the Lincoln Memorial on Wednesday night, where he asked the nation to answer his call for unity, saying it will require \"us to come together in common love that defines us as Americans.\"\n \"We've learned again that democracy is precious. Because of you, democracy has prevailed,\" Biden said, alluding to the insurrection at the US Capitol on January 6, which was incited by former President Donald Trump's lies about a stolen election but which did not stop a peaceful transfer of power on Wednesday.\n Live Updates: The inauguration of Joe Biden\n But Biden noted that the nation is facing myriad challenges, including the pandemic, the recession, last year's calls for racial justice and equality after the police killing of George Floyd, the climate crisis and the attack on the country's system of government two weeks ago.\n \"The question is: Are we up to it?\" the President asked. \"Will we meet the moment like our forbearers have? I believe we must and I believe we will. You the American people are the reason why. I've never been more optimistic about America than I am this very day. There isn't anything we can't do if we do it together.\"\n Biden told reporters he was starting his term \"keeping the promises\" he'd made, as he sat at the Resolute Desk Wednesday evening. But he noted that the nation has \"a long way to go\" and that Congress would need to pass legislation to follow through on his priorities, which include a $1.9 trillion Covid-19 relief bill.\n White House press secretary Jen Psaki, during her first press briefing, gingerly sidestepped questions about Trump's looming impeachment trial in the Senate, which could complicate efforts to quickly confirm Biden's nominees and take up his legislative priorities.\n Harris -- who is now the tie-breaking vote in a Senate that is divided evenly between Democrats and Republicans --  swore in three incoming senators as one of her first acts in her new role. She administered the oath of office to Alex Padilla, who will replace Harris as the junior senator from California. She also swore in Georgia Democrats Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock, who won hard-fought runoff races that flipped control of the Senate, giving Democrats control of Congress and the White House.\n Trump had left Washington Wednesday morning, becoming the first president in 150 years to boycott his successor's inauguration. But he left a letter for Biden, which, during the new President's brief exchange with reporters Wednesday, he described as \"generous\" but whose contents he said he would not reveal until he spoke with Trump.\n \"Today on this January day, my whole soul is in this \u2014 bringing American people together, uniting our nation, and I ask every American to join me in this cause,\" Biden said in his inaugural speech.\n The new President set that tone of unity, calm and comity from the top down on a carefully choreographed day that was striking after the chaos and tumult of the past four years under Trump. The former President poisoned already strained relations between the two political parties in Washington, as he lashed out at his political opponents and anyone who dared to criticize him.\n But that cloud over Washington had notably lifted, at least for the day, Wednesday as members from both parties mingled at the Capitol during the ceremonies. Outgoing Vice President Mike Pence, who attended the inauguration and skipped Trump's farewell ceremony, and his wife Karen even shared a laugh with Harris and her husband, Doug Emhoff, on the steps of the Capitol before they departed to begin their private lives.\n Biden also made it clear that he would not accept infighting, even within his own ranks when he swore in his new staff Wednesday evening.\n \"If you're ever working with me and I hear you treating another colleague with disrespect, talking down to someone, I will fire you on the spot,\" Biden told his new employees in a virtual address. He said he believes everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and decency, which he said had been \"missing in a big way the past four years.\"\n During his inaugural speech, Biden, who decided to run for the White House after Trump's shocking reaction to the White supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 2017, noted that the nation is struggling through a rise of White nationalism, racism and deep political divisions.\n \"Politics doesn't have to be a raging fire destroying everything in its path,\" Biden said, calling on Americans to come together. \"We have to be different than this. America has to be better than this.\"\n \"I will be a president for all Americans,\" Biden said speaking directly to those who did not support him in the November election. \"I will fight as hard for those who did not support me as those who did.\"\n Biden reflected on the siege in the Capitol several times during his speech, noting that the world is watching after its entire system of government come under attack.\n \"Here is my message to those beyond our borders: America has been tested and we've come out stronger for it. We will repair our alliances and engage with the world once again. Not to meet yesterday's challenges, but today's and tomorrow's challenges,\" Biden said.\n The new President also said the nation's success in getting through this moment will hinge on whether Americans can come together and set aside their differences to defeat the pandemic that has ravaged the nation, costing more than 400,000 lives. He highlighted some of the previous challenges the nation has confronted, including the Great Depression, two world wars and the September 11 attacks.\n \"I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy these days; I know the forces that divide us are deep and are real, but I also know they are not new,\" Biden said in his speech, calling on Americans to forge a new way forward. \"We can see each other not as adversaries, but as neighbors \u2014speaking to each other with dignity and respect. We can join forces, stop the shouting and lower the temperature. Without unity there is no peace, only bitterness and fury; no progress, only exhausting outrage; no nation, only a state of chaos.\"\n He asked his audience to unite to meet the moment as one nation: \"If we do that, I guarantee you, we will not fail.\"\n \"At this time, in this place, let's start afresh,\" Biden said.\n After a tumultuous year that began a new chapter of the civil rights movement as Americans took to the streets to protest against racial injustice and police brutality after the death of George Floyd, Biden noted that the swearing in of his vice president was a remarkable achievement for a country that has often struggled to live up to its ideal of equality for all.\n \"Here we stand looking out on the great Mall, where Dr. (Martin Luther) King (Jr.) spoke of his dream. Here we stand where 108 years ago, at another inaugural, thousands of protesters tried to block brave women marching for the right to vote. Today, we mark the swearing-in of the first woman in American history elected to national office, Vice President Kamala Harris,\" Biden said.\n In another ceremony highlight, the nation's first youth poet laureate, Amanda Gorman, recited a poem about bridging divides that she finished on the night that Trump's supporters stormed the Capitol.\n \"Somehow we've weathered and witnessed a nation that isn't broken, but simply unfinished,\" Gorman said in the poem she read after Biden's speech. \"We've seen a force that would shatter our nation rather than share it. Would destroy our country if it meant delaying democracy. And this effort very nearly succeeded. But while democracy can be periodically delayed, it can never be permanently defeated.\"\n Biden's tone at his inaugural speech could not have been more different than the bitter, divisive one adopted by Trump throughout his presidency in his speeches and tweets, which were threaded with lies and threats that whipped up his crowds and ultimately led to the insurrection at the Capitol earlier this month.\n The former president left the White House as president for the last time Wednesday morning, flying to Florida with first lady Melania Trump. On his way out of the Washington area, Trump -- who was not wearing a mask -- again used the racist term \"China virus\" to describe the coronavirus, describing it in the past tense, and touted his administration's work on developing a vaccine.\n He thanked his staff and family and wished the next administration \"great success\" but did not mention his successor by name.\n \"We love you, this has been an incredible four years,\" Trump said in unscripted remarks at Joint Base Andrews shortly before leaving for Florida. \"We've accomplished so much.\"\n \"I will always fight for you. I will be watching. I will be listening.\"\n In a show of unity and Biden's intent to work with leaders from both parties, his first public appearance Wednesday was at a church service at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in DC ahead of the inaugural ceremonies with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy.\n After Biden was sworn in, he went to Arlington National Cemetery for a wreath-laying at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, joined by former Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, along with their spouses.\n The three former presidents recorded a free-flowing conversation at Arlington reflecting on the day's events and how to restore unity in a deeply fractured country.\n Obama reflected on the graciousness that Bush and his wife, Laura, showed him and Michelle Obama during their inauguration in 2008, and said it was a reminder that \"we can have fierce disagreements, and yet recognize each other's common humanity.\"\n Clinton noted that the nation is struggling through a most unusual time, \"trying to come back to normalcy, deal with totally abnormal challenges, and do what we do best -- which is try to make a more perfect union.\"\n \"I think the fact that three of us are standing here, talking about a peaceful transfer of power, speaks to the institutional integrity of our country,\" Bush said.\n The former President notably missing from the conversation was Trump, and yet it was his absence that allowed the restoration of civility after so much rancor.\n \"I think if Americans would love their neighbor like they would like to be loved themselves, a lot of the division in our society would end,\" Bush said.\n Pamela Brown, Chandelis Duster, Betsy Klein and Jason Hoffman contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "lincoln",
            "congress",
            "padilla",
            "george",
            "vice",
            "raphael",
            "forbearer",
            "depression",
            "challenge",
            "charlottesville",
            "election",
            "term",
            "reporter",
            "american",
            "floyd",
            "democracy",
            "republicans",
            "georgia",
            "relief",
            "crisis",
            "note",
            "pandemic",
            "mike",
            "justice",
            "washington",
            "inauguration",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "appearance",
            "psaki",
            "pence",
            "president",
            "california",
            "climate",
            "karen",
            "recession",
            "insurrection",
            "resolute",
            "joe",
            "emhoff",
            "alex",
            "night",
            "harris",
            "update",
            "system",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "government",
            "transfer",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "november",
            "attack",
            "covid-19",
            "wednesday",
            "warnock",
            "ossoff",
            "jen",
            "optimism",
            "reason",
            "virginia",
            "killing",
            "legislation",
            "jon",
            "priority",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "doug",
            "memorial",
            "equality",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "40": {
        "id": "1611472259.346257",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/qanon-believers-inauguration-reaction/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "QAnon believers are in disarray after Biden is inaugurated",
        "body_text": "For years, believers of the QAnon conspiracy theory had been waiting for the moment when a grand plan would be put into action and secret members of a supposed Satanic pedophilia ring at the highest ranks of government and Hollywood would suddenly be exposed, rounded up and possibly even publicly executed. They were nearly always sure it was right around the corner, but \"The Storm\" never came \u2014 and the moment of Joe Biden's inauguration was the last possible opportunity for President Donald Trump to put the plan in motion.\n But as Biden raised his hand and swore an oath to defend the Constitution, becoming the nation's 46th president \u2014 nothing happened.\n The anti-climax sent QAnon adherents into a frenzy of confusion and disbelief, almost instantly shattering a collective delusion that had been nurtured and amplified by many on the far right. Now, in addition to being scattered to various smaller websites after Facebook (FB) and Twitter (TWTR) cracked down on QAnon-related content, believers risked having their own topsy-turvy world turned upside down, or perhaps right-side up.\n Members of a QAnon-focused Telegram channel, and some users of the image board 4chan, vowed to keep the faith. Others proclaimed they were renouncing their beliefs. Still others devised new theories that purported to push the ultimate showdown further into the future. One of the ideology's most visible icons, Ron Watkins \u2014 who goes by the online moniker CodeMonkeyZ \u2014 told supporters to \"go back to our lives.\"\n \"The most hardcore QAnon followers are in disarray,\" said Daniel J. Jones, president of Advance Democracy, a nonpartisan nonprofit that tracks extremist groups and misinformation online. \"After years of waiting for the 'Great Awakening,' QAnon adherents seemed genuinely shocked to see President Biden successfully inaugurated. A significant percentage online are writing that they are now done with the QAnon, while others are doubling down and promoting new conspiracies.\"\n The smattering of reactions underscores the uncertain future now facing the QAnon movement, which tech companies had allowed to metastasize on their platforms for years but didn't start taking action against in earnest until 2020.\n The baseless conspiracy theory has been circulating since 2017. In addition to alleging a vast child-trafficking conspiracy, those who were drawn in claim that government bureaucrats comprising a \"deep state\" were quietly working to undermine President Donald Trump's agenda. Trump himself fueled the claims by refusing to publicly denounce them on national television.\n And people identifying as part of the QAnon movement were part of the mob of Trump supporters who stormed the Capitol earlier this month.\n Following the riots, QAnon supporters eagerly anticipated the moment of Biden's inauguration.\n \"As the noose tightens around the deep state, some people are becoming more and more desperate to discredit Q,\" one 4chan user posted on Wednesday morning. \"I guess what they say is true. The flack is heaviest over the target.\"\n But after Biden's swearing-in came and went, panic set in.\n \"We were promised arrests, exposures, military regime, classified documents. where is it????????\" wrote one member of the QAnon-linked Telegram channel, which has nearly 128,000 subscribers.\n \"I'm scared, feeling sick in my stomach, but I am holding the line still,\" said another.\n \"Well babies are still being raped and eaten, any f**kin minute now GOD,\" said another.\n Some began acknowledging the truth.\n \"Biden is our president,\" a fourth user in the Telegram channel said. \"It's time to get off our devices and get back to reality. If something happens then something happens, but for now I'm logging out of all social media. It's been fun guys but it's unfortunately over.\"\n Other believers insisted that the lack of a climax was itself a part of the plan, theorizing that Trump merely \"allowed\" Biden to become president \"for appearances\" while the former reality show host would be the one pulling the strings. \"Anything that happens in the next 4 years is actually President Trumps doing,\" wrote one 4chan user.\n \"It's a hot mess, frankly,\" said Carla Hill, research fellow at the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, of the various reactions of QAnon believers. \"Frustration started seeping in. There is some embarrassment, some anger ... A range of [new] conspiracies are spinning out of this and they are arguing among themselves.\"\n The apparent ease with which some QAnon believers have been able to adjust the theory to suit new events underscores how slippery the conspiracy theory can be. But the proliferation of new theories and beliefs could also lead to a splintering of the movement \u2014 and, some extremism experts warn, a potentially new crisis in mental health.\n As QAnon believers got pulled deeper into the conspiracy theory, they built a comforting belief system around themselves, said Marc Ambinder, a senior fellow who studies mis- and disinformation at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism.\n \"The 'plan' was so much more powerful in the abstract than anything you could offer in the real world to counter it,\" he said.\n But now, as many QAnon supporters are increasingly confronted by reality, the resulting cognitive dissonance could break them, Ambinder said \u2014 with potentially devastating consequences.\n \"This type of event is the kind of thing that can set somebody who is already incredibly anxious, in the time of a horrible global pandemic, feeling like they're completely pushed to the edge,\" Ambinder said, saying he fears more of the type of violence that the country witnessed at the US Capitol two weeks ago.\n In recent weeks, CNN has seen Trump supporters embracing the idea of martial law in large numbers on various social networks. Earlier this week, a Telegram account falsely purporting to be run by Gen. John Hyten, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said the moment some supporters had been waiting for -- that is Trump finally acting and using the military to crush his enemies -- was coming. A spokesperson for Gen. Hyten told CNN Tuesday morning that the account is \"an absolute fake\" and added the Pentagon was \"actively working\" to get it taken down.\n Major social networks have stepped up their crackdowns of QAnon as of late. On Tuesday night, Facebook said that since August it has removed about 18,300 Facebook profiles and 27,300 accounts on its subsidiary Instagram for violating its policies against QAnon. The company has also removed 10,500 groups and 510 events for the same reason.\n Last week, Twitter said it banned more than 70,000 accounts for promoting QAnon.\n But that may not be enough. People who are embedded in conspiracy theories do not listen to authoritative voices, said Ambinder, but rather to the voices they consider to be authoritative in upholding their worldview.\n Even though Trump may no longer be president, he and his political allies \u2014 some of whom still serve in government \u2014 may be some of the only ones who can draw QAnon believers back to the real world, according to Ambinder.\n \"For the sake of hundreds of thousands of people who are still trapped in the QAnon alternate world and have no idea what to do,\" said Ambinder, \"this is when Republicans who cynically and willfully spread the false 'election was stolen' rumor need to step up.\"",
        "tags": [
            "ambinder",
            "adherent",
            "theory",
            "satanic",
            "qanon",
            "twitter",
            "marc",
            "hollywood",
            "center",
            "oath",
            "awakening",
            "addition",
            "communication",
            "constitution",
            "user",
            "advance",
            "channel",
            "school",
            "trumps",
            "democracy",
            "q",
            "carla",
            "delusion",
            "website",
            "pedophilia",
            "action",
            "rank",
            "ron",
            "league",
            "capitol",
            "inauguration",
            "disbelief",
            "confusion",
            "president",
            "watkins",
            "california",
            "hill",
            "extremism",
            "frenzy",
            "believer",
            "right",
            "joe",
            "showdown",
            "online",
            "j.",
            "southern",
            "annenberg",
            "opportunity",
            "image",
            "motion",
            "anti",
            "telegram",
            "codemonkeyz",
            "trump",
            "fb",
            "university",
            "defamation",
            "journalism",
            "biden",
            "government",
            "facebook",
            "daniel",
            "content",
            "conspiracy",
            "4chan",
            "wednesday",
            "twtr",
            "frustration",
            "donald",
            "jones",
            "plan",
            "faith",
            "belief"
        ]
    },
    "41": {
        "id": "1611472260.52197",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/us-protests-inauguration-day/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Tight security at mostly calm US capitols as Joe Biden is inaugurated",
        "body_text": "The US Capitol in Washington, DC, and state capitols across the country were under tight security as President-elect Joe Biden was inaugurated on Wednesday.\n After a pro-Trump mob attacked the US Capitol two weeks ago, the FBI warned of possible armed protests at the Capitol and all 50 state capitols in the days leading up to and including inauguration.\n FBI Director Christopher Wray had warned last week that the FBI has been seeing \"extensive\" chatter surrounding the inauguration.\n But the large security efforts dwarfed the protests that materialized by Wednesday evening. State capitols and other cities remained largely calm.\n One exception was Portland, where left-wing protesters damaged the Democratic Party of Oregon building during one of several planned demonstrations.\n Portland police said eight people were arrested after causing damage to private property.\n \"The crowd walked to the 200 Block of Northeast 9th Avenue, where people broke out windows and applied graffiti on the offices of the Democratic Party of Oregon. People moved dumpsters in the street and lit the contents of one on fire,\" police said in a news release.\n Video from CNN affiliate KATU showed broken windows and an anarchy symbol spray-painted to the side of the front door, with a profane reference to Biden scrawled on the other side.\n Later, police also said there was a crowd located at the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building in the South Waterfront neighborhood.\n \"Individuals in the crowd have been seen carrying pepper ball guns, electronic control weapons similar to Tasers, shields and rocks,\" police said, adding the gathering was declared an unlawful assembly after \"individuals began throwing rocks and eggs and vandalizing the building.\"\n In Michigan, where about a dozen demonstrators -- some armed -- gathered at the state capitol in Lansing over the weekend, only a few protesters appeared on  Wednesday. In St. Paul, Minnesota, a single officer stood guard on the steps of the capitol, where an expected crowd of demonstrators failed to materialize.\n In Madison, Wisconsin, plywood covered the capitol's first-floor windows and members of multiple law enforcement agencies patrolled the desolate area. In Denver, about 60 demonstrators were seen outside the state capitol, some burning Trump and American flags as officers watched from a balcony. In other states that were critical to Biden's victory, handfuls of protesters participated in non-violent demonstrations.\n In New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, appeared to regret his decision earlier this week to not attend the inauguration and remain in Albany in case of unrest.\n \"There was reportedly one protester,\" Cuomo told reporters, referring to a lone Trump supporter photographed outside the state capitol.\n \"I just took a look outside, I couldn't find the protester,\" he added. \"I could have gone to the inaugural, in retrospect.\"\n The FBI warning led to a massive security presence in DC.\n About 25,000 National Guard members are present and much of the area around the National Mall and Capitol are inaccessible to the public. Commercial flights at Washington Reagan National Airport were halted for about two hours leading up to Biden taking the oath of office, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.\n The security efforts even extended to vetting National Guard members arriving in Washington for the inauguration in case of an \"insider threat.\"\n \"While we have no intelligence indicating an insider threat, we are leaving no stone unturned in securing the capital,\" Acting Secretary of Defense Christopher Miller said Monday.\n Twelve Army National Guard members were removed from inauguration duty as part of the security vetting to ensure none of the troops have ties to extremist groups, the chief of the National Guard Bureau said Tuesday.\n Between the security concerns and the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, Biden's inauguration was unlike any other in American history.\n Ahead of inauguration, states also bolstered their defenses by setting up fences and barriers, boarding up windows, and calling in the National Guard.\n Many state capitols that had prepared for the worst encountered just a handful of people. All of the protests were peaceful. There have been a few armed protesters at state capitols, but those that occurred have been relatively small and with varying political views.\n On Sunday, small gatherings of protesters, some of whom were armed, stood outside capitols in Michigan, Ohio, Texas and several others states.\n In Richmond, Virginia, several armed demonstrators who gathered on Monday identified themselves as members of the Proud Boys and Boogaloo groups as well as the Black Panthers. Outside Oregon's capitol in Salem, five armed people dressed in camouflage said they were anti-government libertarians who supported neither Trump nor Biden.\n The heavy security and ongoing arrests of people who participated in the storming of the US Capitol may have played a role in discouraging the protests.\n Anti-government groups that vowed to show up in the days before the inauguration appear to have been spooked in part by their own conspiracies that the government was behind some of the nationwide protests that have so far fizzled.\n Law enforcement officials say there is a broad surveillance net focused on people in the groups who participated in the Capitol attack. One of the prominent themes emerging is that the very anti-government conspiracies that drive groups like the Oath Keepers and other militants has become a driver to avoid the protests, fearing that they were being set up for arrest.\n Some of the people most likely to attend these types of events are also trying to lower their profile after participating in the insurrection, law enforcement officials said.\n Some have seen their faces in FBI posters circulated in the past week. In some cases, members of the groups have turned themselves in, hoping to gain some benefit from not waiting for the FBI come find them.\n CNN's Andy Rose, Joe Sutton, Omar Jimenez, Bill Weir, Lucy Kafanov, Mike Callahan, Allie Malloy, Jon Passantino, Evan Perez and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "protest",
            "st.",
            "cnn",
            "symbol",
            "exception",
            "release",
            "democratic",
            "mall",
            "york",
            "andrew",
            "wisconsin",
            "reagan",
            "individual",
            "south",
            "property",
            "affiliate",
            "avenue",
            "national",
            "katu",
            "reference",
            "chatter",
            "portland",
            "lansing",
            "madison",
            "9th",
            "dc",
            "wray",
            "oregon",
            "tasers",
            "paul",
            "guard",
            "wing",
            "christopher",
            "building",
            "washington",
            "inauguration",
            "video",
            "capitol",
            "graffiti",
            "neighborhood",
            "president",
            "waterfront",
            "spray",
            "elect",
            "joe",
            "crowd",
            "damage",
            "state",
            "gov.",
            "enforcement",
            "airport",
            "michigan",
            "northeast",
            "content",
            "biden",
            "fbi",
            "People",
            "wednesday",
            "profane",
            "minnesota",
            "cuomo",
            "immigration",
            "mob",
            "protester",
            "albany",
            "director",
            "security",
            "effort",
            "denver",
            "us",
            "new",
            "demonstration",
            "customs",
            "dumpster"
        ]
    },
    "42": {
        "id": "1611472261.068842",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/jack-ma-appearance-video-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Jack Ma makes his first public appearance in months",
        "body_text": "Jack Ma just made his first public appearance in months as his tech empire continues to face scrutiny from Chinese regulators.\n The billionaire co-founder of Alibaba (BABA) resurfaced Wednesday, in a video published by Chinese state media. He was shown speaking to teachers in rural China as part of a philanthropic event.\n Alibaba's Hong Kong-listed shares surged 8.5% on Wednesday after the video was published. The gains helped the stock notch its best day since last July, helping to erase some of the losses that have piled up since Ant Group's IPO was pulled. The stock also powered a broader rally in Chinese tech stocks that trade in Hong Kong.\n Alibaba's New York-listed stock popped 5.5%.\n Ma, a former English teacher, has made education a priority for his foundation, which he has devoted more time to since retiring from Alibaba in 2019.\n In the video, which Tianmu News said was filmed Wednesday morning, Ma is shown telling teachers that the traditional in-person celebration for the teaching initiative had been canceled because of Covid-19.\n \"We'll meet again after the epidemic is over,\" Ma said in the video. It also showed footage of Ma that it said was taken during a visit to an elementary school in Hangzhou earlier this month.\n Ma's whereabouts have been the subject of intense speculation in recent weeks. As Ant Group was preparing for the world's largest initial public offering last fall, Ma accused authorities of stifling innovation and blasted the country's banks for having a \"pawn shop\" mentality. Within days, regulators summoned Ma and Ant executives to a meeting and then shelved the IPO altogether.\n The event in Shanghai where Ma made those remarks was the last time he was seen in public before Wednesday \u2014 a notable absence for a man who typically has no issue with the spotlight.\n Alibaba is China's most famous tech company but it faces a host of challenges that risk fundamentally changing it forever. Chinese authorities are investigating the company on antitrust grounds, while also pushing its sprawling financial affiliate, Ant Group, to overhaul its business.",
        "tags": [
            "shanghai",
            "jack",
            "billionaire",
            "york",
            "speculation",
            "hangzhou",
            "teacher",
            "school",
            "empire",
            "regulator",
            "footage",
            "ma",
            "tianmu",
            "video",
            "loss",
            "foundation",
            "appearance",
            "hong",
            "epidemic",
            "scrutiny",
            "co",
            "notch",
            "rally",
            "offering",
            "china",
            "ant",
            "state",
            "alibaba",
            "kong",
            "gain",
            "july",
            "authority",
            "medium",
            "english",
            "stock",
            "teaching",
            "covid-19",
            "baba",
            "wednesday",
            "ipo",
            "tech",
            "founder",
            "whereabout",
            "initiative",
            "priority",
            "new",
            "celebration"
        ]
    },
    "43": {
        "id": "1611472261.526623",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/proud-boys-joseph-biggs-federal-charges/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Proud Boys leader Joseph Biggs arrested in Florida in connection with the Capitol riot",
        "body_text": "A leader of the Proud Boys, an extremist group that took part in the US Capitol insurrection, was taken into custody and is facing charges, federal officials said.\n Joseph Randall Biggs, 37, of Florida was arrested Wednesday and is facing three counts -- obstruction of a proceeding, entering restricted grounds and disorderly conduct -- for his part in the siege of the Capitol on January 6, according to the Justice Department and an FBI affidavit. The FBI described Biggs in the affidavit as an organizer for the Proud Boys.\n Biggs appeared in court in Orlando on Wednesday and was released under home confinement and other restrictions, according to his court file. A lawyer who represented him in court did not respond to a request for comment.\n CNN Orlando affiliate WESH asked Biggs about insurrection allegations against the Proud Boys and he said, \"That'll be discussed in court.\"\n Ahead of the Capitol riot, Biggs posted messages on Parler, the social media platform favored by the far right, telling his followers to blend in and not wear identifiable clothing, an FBI special agent wrote in the affidavit.\n \"The only thing we'll do that's us is think like us! Jan 6th is gonna be epic,\" Biggs wrote, according to the affidavit. The document says Biggs was also directing his statements at Antifa.\n Authorities say Biggs said, \"This is awesome!\" on livestreamed footage of rioters entering the Capitol building, according to the affidavit.\n The affidavit states it appears the Proud Boys were wearing earpieces for communication that day.\n \"Your affiant also notes that multiple individuals were photographed or depicted on videos with earpieces, including other individuals believed to be associated with the Proud Boys,\" the FBI affidavit says.\n The charges are among a recent spate of federal cases that allege planning and organization among far-right groups.\n The FBI said that Biggs told agents he entered the Capitol but not by using force, and denied knowing about any planning for the storming of the building.\n Biggs has been a fixture in other mass gatherings involving the Proud Boys.\n He is known for his extreme rhetoric against Antifa members, the black-clad left-wingers who maintain they are fighting fascism and often crash far-right events.",
        "tags": [
            "cnn",
            "organizer",
            "conduct",
            "6th",
            "affidavit",
            "parler",
            "file",
            "biggs",
            "proceeding",
            "request",
            "affiliate",
            "clothing",
            "statement",
            "platform",
            "agent",
            "proud",
            "joseph",
            "follower",
            "confinement",
            "siege",
            "obstruction",
            "justice",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "comment",
            "antifa",
            "insurrection",
            "lawyer",
            "wesh",
            "document",
            "jan",
            "boys",
            "restriction",
            "orlando",
            "message",
            "official",
            "medium",
            "leader",
            "randall",
            "fbi",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "custody",
            "charge",
            "january",
            "us",
            "court",
            "florida",
            "allegation"
        ]
    },
    "44": {
        "id": "1611472262.08849",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/judge-jeanine-lobbied-trump-pardon-ex-husband/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Fox News host Judge Jeanine lobbied Trump during his last few hours in office to pardon her ex-husband. It worked.",
        "body_text": "Fox News host Judge Jeanine successfully lobbied former President Donald Trump in an eleventh-hour effort to pardon her ex-husband in the final hours of Trump's presidency, CNN has learned.\n Pirro was upset that her ex-husband Albert J. Pirro Jr. wasn't on Trump's final pardon list that came out early Wednesday morning, and that message was conveyed to the White House and its former resident, according to a former White House adviser. Albert Pirro was convicted on conspiracy and tax evasion charges after improperly deducting $1.2 million of his personal expenses in business write-offs.\n A separate source familiar with the matter tells CNN that Albert Pirro was not on the pardon radar before Wednesday morning. It wasn't until midmorning that day that aides, who were in the middle of off-boarding their duties to the new administration, were told it needed to be done.\n The order came as a total surprise and had aides scrambling to make it happen before the noon ET deadline, when Trump's term came to an end.\n Minutes after Trump landed in Florida following his final flight aboard Air Force One from Washington, now-former deputy White House press secretary Judd Deere released a statement announcing that \"Today, President Donald J. Trump granted a full pardon to Albert J. Pirro, Jr.\"\n Pirro joins a whole host of individuals who received last-minute pardons and commutations early Wednesday from Trump, including his onetime political strategist Steve Bannon, former top fundraiser Elliott Broidy and well-known rappers Lil Wayne and Kodak Black -- but not Trump himself or his family. The list reflected a President keen on awarding pardons to his stalwart allies, an unusual number of whom have been swept up in corruption or lying charges.\n Irena Briganti, Fox News' executive vice president for corporate communications, did not respond to a request for comment.\n Jeanine Pirro, one of Fox News' highest-rated weekend hosts, is well known for her vehement defenses of Trump and attacks against his perceived enemies. She attended his annual New Year's Eve party last month.\n Trump, in turn, had the TV host's back in 2019 when he called on Fox News to \"bring back\" Pirro after she was suspended by the network following her widely criticized commentary doubting the patriotism of Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar, a source familiar with the matter told CNN at the time.\n \"Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro,\" Trump tweeted. \"The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well.\"\n Pirro targeted Omar -- one of the few Muslim members of Congress -- by noting the Minnesotan's religious head covering.\n \"Think about it: Omar wears a hijab,\" Pirro said. \"Is her adherence to this Islamic doctrine indicative of her adherence to Sharia law, which in itself is antithetical to the United States Constitution?\"\n Her remarks prompted Fox to say, \"We strongly condemn Jeanine Pirro's comments\" and that the views she expressed \"do not reflect those of the network and we have addressed the matter with her directly.\"\n CNN's Brian Stelter, Betsy Klein, Kevin Liptak and Kaitlan Collins contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "evasion",
            "states",
            "media",
            "united",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "wayne",
            "ilhan",
            "off",
            "strategist",
            "kodak",
            "write",
            "judge",
            "steve",
            "irena",
            "presidency",
            "individual",
            "deere",
            "radar",
            "lil",
            "statement",
            "pardon",
            "constitution",
            "term",
            "air",
            "jeanine",
            "rep.",
            "fundraiser",
            "elliott",
            "flight",
            "judd",
            "resident",
            "et",
            "pirro",
            "albert",
            "jr.",
            "washington",
            "bannon",
            "expense",
            "source",
            "broidy",
            "sharia",
            "president",
            "noon",
            "j.",
            "message",
            "eve",
            "brian",
            "trump",
            "ex",
            "secretary",
            "deadline",
            "minnesotan",
            "democrats",
            "tax",
            "left",
            "host",
            "wednesday",
            "conspiracy",
            "administration",
            "omar",
            "briganti",
            "@foxnews",
            "adviser",
            "charge",
            "aide",
            "fox",
            "effort",
            "donald",
            "fake",
            "democratic",
            "new",
            "commutation",
            "florida",
            "husband"
        ]
    },
    "45": {
        "id": "1611472262.619809",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/samsung-leadership-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Samsung heir's prison sentence casts a shadow on South Korea's tech titan",
        "body_text": "The man who calls the shots at Samsung was just sent to prison for the second time in less than five years. Even if the South Korean tech giant can keep its day-to-day business humming in his absence, the verdict is still likely to cast a long shadow.\n The Seoul High Court sentenced vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, also known as Jay Y. Lee, to 2 1/2 years behind bars on Monday after finding him guilty of embezzlement and bribery. Lee's lawyer has called the decision \"regrettable,\" but it's not yet clear whether he intends to appeal. The legal team representing Lee did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday.\n Lee's prison sentence means the company is losing a key decision-maker at a time of strategic upheaval in some of Samsung's core industries. China and the United States are caught in a cold war over companies such as Huawei and SMIC, there's a global shortage of semiconductors and carmakers and tech firms are getting together to shape the future of the auto industry.\n The scandal also marks the latest twist in a long line of legal troubles for Lee, who was found guilty of bribery and other corruption charges in 2017 as part of a massive influence-peddling scandal that brought down the government of former South Korean President Park Geun-hye. Lee walked free after less than a year when an appeals court threw out some of the charges and suspended his sentence. But the country's Supreme Court later ordered a retrial, leading to Monday's verdict.\n Samsung (SSNLF) \u2014 South Korea's largest chaebol, or  family-run conglomerate \u2014 trades in everything from electronics and theme parks to life insurance. It has been the world's top smartphone seller for several years and is a key supplier of memory chips and display screens for rivals such as Apple (AAPL) and Huawei.\n Lee, meanwhile, has been the company's de facto leader since his father fell into a coma in 2014. He died last year.\n \"Lee's role was in guiding new projects,\" said Daiwa analyst SK Kim. He pointed out that the vice chairman has had a hand in big deals at the firm, such as the $8 billion acquisition of Harman International, a US firm that makes infotainment, safety and security systems for cars.\n \"These are decisions that involve tens of billions of dollars,\" Kim added. \"In Lee's absence, Samsung will make conservative decisions in making risky investments.\"\n Samsung declined to comment for this story.\n The appearance of a leader in prison is also a problem for Samsung, according to Jeff Dongwon Kim, deputy head of research at KB Securities, a Korean investment firm.\n \"Imagine the global business impact if [Apple CEO] Tim Cook was imprisoned for bribing the US government for millions of dollars,\" KB's Kim said, adding that investing firms have also become more socially conscious in recent years, and may wish to distance themselves from a company tainted by scandal.\n The verdict might ultimately have some positive effects, according to Chung Sun-sup who is the chief editor at Chaebol.com, a website that specializes in analyzing Korea's family run conglomerates.\n Analysts have long said that the trading of favors, bribes and political influence between politicians and businessmen is practically endemic in the country.\n Lee's father, the former chairman of Samsung, was convicted of bribery and tax evasion, but avoided prison and received presidential pardons. And other chaebol chiefs have been found guilty of criminal wrongdoing \u2014 only to be let off with light sentences and allowed to return to running their businesses.\n Sending Lee back to prison might suggest that the country is willing to take the problem more seriously.\n \"This is the beginning of untangling the corrupt relationship between government and businesses,\" Chung said. \"It is a good thing for the Korean economy in the long term.\"",
        "tags": [
            "embezzlement",
            "states",
            "geun",
            "united",
            "absence",
            "twist",
            "securities",
            "prison",
            "vice",
            "sup",
            "semiconductor",
            "apple",
            "request",
            "shortage",
            "south",
            "maker",
            "chaebol.com",
            "jay",
            "yong",
            "sun",
            "kb",
            "dongwon",
            "huawei",
            "smic",
            "jae",
            "ssnlf",
            "shadow",
            "scandal",
            "line",
            "aapl",
            "supreme",
            "sk",
            "lee",
            "comment",
            "president",
            "hye",
            "upheaval",
            "industry",
            "china",
            "kim",
            "lawyer",
            "daiwa",
            "company",
            "war",
            "y.",
            "tim",
            "international",
            "auto",
            "chung",
            "carmaker",
            "core",
            "bar",
            "shot",
            "bribery",
            "jeff",
            "samsung",
            "wednesday",
            "chairman",
            "tech",
            "monday",
            "korea",
            "seoul",
            "ceo",
            "giant",
            "firm",
            "verdict",
            "us",
            "court",
            "harman",
            "chaebol",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "46": {
        "id": "1611472263.393059",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/health/covid-vaccines-protect-from-variants/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Studies suggest vaccinated people protected from new Covid-19 variants",
        "body_text": "New research out this week provides reassuring evidence that people vaccinated against coronavirus will be protected against emerging new variants of the virus.\n Two teams tested two of the new variants against blood taken from people who had received the full two-course dose of either the Moderna or the Pfizer vaccine.\n While the mutations in the new variants of the virus -- one first seen in Britain, and another first identified in South Africa -- did allow them to evade some of the immunity induced by vaccination, it was far from a complete escape, the two teams reported separately.\n A team led by Dr. Michel Nussenzweig of the Rockefeller University tested plasma taken from 20 people who got two doses of either the Pfizer/BioNTech or Moderna vaccine as part of clinical trials.\n They found the vaccines produced strong antibody responses, as well as cells that keep producing new antibodies for months or years. \"We measured their antibody responses to the wild-type virus. Then we took their plasmas and measured them against the variants,\" Nussenzweig told CNN.\n Wild-type virus is the catchall name for virus generally circulating that is not changed enough to be designated a variant.\n Different mutations in the viruses did allow some escape from some types of antibodies, but the bodies of the volunteers threw an army of different types of antibodies at the viruses, the team reported in a pre-print study-- not peer reviewed -- published online.\n \"When you start putting all these mixtures of antibodies together, what it means is that together they can take care of the variants,\" Nussenzweig said.  Even though they had a reduced effect, overall the response was so overwhelming that it should not matter, he said.\n \"What we really want to do with these vaccines is keep people out of the hospital. They are extremely likely to do that, irrespective,\" Nussenzweig added.\n Eventually, the vaccines should be updated -- but the new mRNA vaccines made by Pfizer and Moderna can be changed very quickly. \"Should the vaccines be tweaked?\" he asked. \"Probably -- but that doesn't mean that they won't be effective.\"\n Separately, Ugur Sahin, who helped invent the BioNTech vaccine being made and distributed by Pfizer, teed his vaccine against the B.1.1.7 variant first seen in the UK. The team found \"no biologically significant difference in neutralization activity,\" they wrote in a pre-print report. But they said it would be \"prudent\" to start tweaking the vaccine, just in case.\n \"Further data are needed to monitor the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine's effectiveness in preventing COVID-19 caused by new virus variants,\" the companies said in a joint statement.\n \"So far, for COVID-19 vaccines it has not been established what reduction in neutralization might indicate the need for a vaccine strain change. Should a vaccine strain change be required to address virus variants in the future, the Companies believe that the flexibility of BioNTech's proprietary mRNA vaccine platform is well suited to enable such adjustment.\"\n Both Moderna's and Pfizer's vaccines are designed to be quick and easy to adjust.\n The coronavirus mutates constantly, like many other viruses. Compared to influenza, the changes have been slow and have not seemed to affect the severity of illness caused by infection.\n But at least two of the variants -- one first seen in Britain and known as B.1.1.7 and another first noticed in South Africa and known as B.1.351 -- do seem to make the virus more contagious.\n Scientists have been racing to see whether the changes in the virus will make it as susceptible to available treatments and vaccine.\n Earlier this week, Penny Moore, associate professor at the National Institute for Communicable Diseases in South Africa, published another pre-print study showing that people who have recovered from a wild-type coronavirus infection might be a little more susceptible to B.1.135.\n They tested antibody-rich blood serum from 44 people who had survived coronavirus infections before September. Half the people showed an antibody response that might not be expected to fight off the variant.\n Nussenzweig said that is not surprising.\n \"A small difference in the plasma neutralizing activity is something we should pay attention to but it is not a cause for alarm,\" he said.\n \"There is a very huge diversity in the magnitude of the responses that people get,\" he added. \"You don't have to be immunodeficient and you still might not create a great response to this virus. People's immune systems are as diverse as any human feature -- for example, beauty, intelligence, hair color, how tall you are. The immune system is no different.\"\n Nussenzweig said his team's experiments indicate that it might be weaker immune responses that are helping give rise to the coronavirus variants. The longer someone is infected, the greater the chance that the virus infecting them can mutate.\n \"The antibodies can select for these variants,\" he said.\n If a microbe is not stopped completely by the immune response, the variations that resist the immune response best will be those that survive.\n \"If people make a suboptimal response, they might start selecting for these variants,\" Nussenzweig said.\n That's why scientists are saying it's important to get as many people vaccinated as quickly as possible, so that the virus stops circulating and thus stops mutating.\n Nussenzweig said his experiments indicate so far that the immune response prompted by vaccination is many times broader and stronger than what would be needed to control the virus.",
        "tags": [
            "mixture",
            "sahin",
            "hospital",
            "immunity",
            "cnn",
            "uk",
            "pfizer",
            "moore",
            "plasma",
            "ugur",
            "britain",
            "south",
            "virus",
            "antibody",
            "evidence",
            "vaccination",
            "statement",
            "national",
            "institute",
            "volunteer",
            "teed",
            "difference",
            "rockefeller",
            "coronavirus",
            "b.1.1.7",
            "peer",
            "dose",
            "africa",
            "study--",
            "moderna",
            "variant",
            "communicable",
            "research",
            "company",
            "michel",
            "dr.",
            "b.1.351",
            "neutralization",
            "b.1.135",
            "mrna",
            "army",
            "biontech",
            "university",
            "blood",
            "effectiveness",
            "cell",
            "trial",
            "mutation",
            "penny",
            "response",
            "datum",
            "nussenzweig",
            "diseases",
            "vaccine",
            "catchall",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "47": {
        "id": "1611472264.297611",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/remedies-for-civic-life-after-america-division-franklin/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "I've lived in both Americas. Most people everywhere don't want to hate each other",
        "body_text": "Robert M. Franklin is the James T. and Berta R. Laney Professor in Moral Leadership at Emory University's Candler School of Theology. He is the author of \"Moral Leadership: Integrity, Courage, Imagination.\" The views expressed here are his own. View more opinion on CNN.\nFor the past several years I have served as a pastor in Trump country. I have listened to the public and private fears, hopes and stories of those who feel unheard, ignored and scorned by America's elites in both political parties. While living in predominately White upstate New York and Western Pennsylvania, I commuted regularly to Atlanta, home of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr and an influential Back middle class, that is reshaping \"the blackest city in America,\" as \"Saturday Night Live\" comedian Michael Che calls it. As senior pastor of the historic Chautauqua Institution and as former president of Morehouse College, I have been able to feel the pulse of these two Americas side by side. Let me share some of the home remedies I have tried and tested in recent years. Just in case it may help my neighbors -- all of them.\n Let us encourage a new etiquette for civic life that is rooted in respect, restraint, humility and humor.\n Let us remember that our ancestors are watching us. Since we are not yet ready or willing to heal our deepest wounds or repent the harshest damage done by our injustice, there are some things that patriotic Americans can undertake now to reduce the tension, volume and heartburn in the country. Ordinary people can do these things, but they will have greater impact if all of our leaders in politics, business, religion, education, healthcare and the arts join in to do likewise.\n In fact, I am asking for more. Let our leaders behave like moral leaders. Moral leaders are people who invite us to become better, truer versions of ourselves, while holding us accountable for the fruits of our action.\n So what can each of us do now, today?\n Trying out these simple practices may foster the manners and morals of a civic life rooted in mutual respect and restraint. Living in two very different communities taught me patience, empathy and respect for the good and decent people in both places.\n Many of my neighbors in Trump country were striving and struggling to live up to the dreams of their parents, grandparents and ancestors. Some may judge that no cause for a sense of entitlement or grievance, anger or despair. But, in fact, the real wages of non-college hourly wage workers have not matched the cost of living for decades, growing at a slow speed. They are falling behind, and they feel the loss of broken dreams and the bite of personal failure as well as the pinch of economic hardship.  Many voted for former President Barack Obama, then Trump. Now they hope and pray that government, no matter who is president, will provide good jobs and living wages for all Americans.\n My neighbors in Atlanta, or what many have called \"Stacey Abrams country,\" were offended by the duplicity and hypocrisy in the policing we saw on Capitol Hill compared to Black Lives Matter rallies. These parents want their kids who exercise their First Amendment rights to free speech and lawful assembly in peaceful protest to return home no less safely than Capitol Hill protesters who refrained from riot or assault. Many echo the frustration captured in the 1988 rap classic album by Public Enemy, \"It takes a nation of millions to hold us back.\" They hope we can all come to recognize their patriotism and love of country, and to heed their voices and vision, not only to give them a fair shake under the law and a fair slice of the economic pie.\n According to \"Hidden Tribes,\" a 2018 report on political polarization in America, some 77% of Americans \"believe that our differences aren't so great that we can't come together.\" Our fellow citizens on the far left and right may never come together, but I know that most people across this land do not want to hate each other. My neighbors in Atlanta and in Chautauqua share lots of common ground. They can come together. I want them to know that. I hope that Mr. Biden and a new Congress will keep this aim in mind and lead us to keep our promise to form a more perfect union. The future of American democracy depends on it.",
        "tags": [
            "religion",
            "atlanta",
            "saturday",
            "americans",
            "king",
            "cnn",
            "respect",
            "humor",
            "jr",
            "western",
            "politics",
            "opinion",
            "york",
            "view",
            "integrity",
            "elite",
            "comedian",
            "pastor",
            "james",
            "school",
            "ancestor",
            "version",
            "m.",
            "pennsylvania",
            "chautauqua",
            "imagination",
            "neighbor",
            "etiquette",
            "wound",
            "berta",
            "michael",
            "institution",
            "healthcare",
            "volume",
            "action",
            "america",
            "moral",
            "college",
            "robert",
            "franklin",
            "live",
            "impact",
            "r.",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "professor",
            "obama",
            "t.",
            "dr.",
            "laney",
            "candler",
            "morehouse",
            "pulse",
            "damage",
            "night",
            "courage",
            "tension",
            "trump",
            "che",
            "heartburn",
            "university",
            "leader",
            "luther",
            "americas",
            "remedy",
            "martin",
            "leadership",
            "humility",
            "restraint",
            "injustice",
            "emory",
            "new",
            "theology",
            "author"
        ]
    },
    "48": {
        "id": "1611472265.671005",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/media/late-night-goodbye-trump/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Late-night hosts say goodbye to President Trump: 'The end of an error'",
        "body_text": "Late-night hosts have spent four years mocking, joking and being horrified about President Donald Trump. And on Tuesday night, they said their goodbyes.\n \"It's the day before the day that we've been waiting for,\" Stephen Colbert said in opening Tuesday's \"Late Show.\" \"Tonight is the last show we'll do during the presidency of 'He Who Shall Remain Shameless.'\"\n Colbert then played a clip from his first show following Trump's inauguration four years ago, when the host said the next few years should be \"very interesting.\"\n \"I might have undersold that just a smidge,\" Colbert said Tuesday night. \"It has been interesting in the same way that riding in a car going over a cliff is thought-provoking.\"\n The host also noted the show has been literally counting down the days until Trump would leave office, projecting the number on the ceiling of the Ed Sullivan Theater.\n \"Tonight the number on the dome has counted down to '1',\" he said before playing \"Hit the Road, Jack\" by Ray Charles.\n Over on ABC's \"Jimmy Kimmel Live!,\" Kimmel said it was \"the end of an error.\"\n \"I have to say, I'm not sure what to feel right now,\" Kimmel said. \"It feels like the night before my wedding and my divorce.  All rolled up into one.\"\n If he had to grade Trump's presidency, Kimmel said, \"it would be an \"F+.\"\n \"Hopefully, tomorrow at noon he will board a Space Force craft and rocket to Mars, never to be seen or heard from again,\" he added. \"Trump leaves office with a grade point average of F+, and a string of lies that will never be broken.\"\n NBC's Seth Meyers spent nearly 20 minutes talking about the four years of Trump during his \"Closer Look\" segment on \"Late Night.\"\n \"Trump will go down in history as a disgraced, sadistic con artist who left the nation in ruins,\" Meyers said. \"He's less popular than Bush, he's broken more laws than Nixon, he's got a worse jobs record than Hoover and he leans like a house blown over in a storm that Jimmy Carter would have to fix.\"\n Trevor Noah of Comedy Central's \"The Daily Show\" said he hopes Trump \"fades away like one of his tans.\"\n \"I know he'll never fully be gone. He's basically the Covid of politics. America is going to be experiencing side effects long after he's out of the system,\" Noah said. \"But I do hope that with him at least not being president, we can all get back to being a bit more honest with each other and more nuanced in talking about what divides us.\"",
        "tags": [
            "meyers",
            "jack",
            "trevor",
            "tan",
            "error",
            "seth",
            "late",
            "car",
            "presidency",
            "con",
            "grade",
            "divorce",
            "nixon",
            "history",
            "charles",
            "carter",
            "noah",
            "shameless",
            "sullivan",
            "nbc",
            "goodbye",
            "artist",
            "ruin",
            "colbert",
            "theater",
            "hoover",
            "dome",
            "law",
            "covid",
            "inauguration",
            "craft",
            "clip",
            "jimmy",
            "america",
            "mars",
            "tuesday",
            "comedy",
            "politic",
            "ed",
            "kimmel",
            "president",
            "cliff",
            "noon",
            "daily",
            "string",
            "closer",
            "space",
            "stephen",
            "thought",
            "night",
            "f+",
            "system",
            "trump",
            "central",
            "host",
            "bush",
            "ray",
            "fade",
            "smidge",
            "abc",
            "donald",
            "segment",
            "rocket",
            "ceiling"
        ]
    },
    "49": {
        "id": "1611472266.678952",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-inauguration-family-bible/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden was sworn in on a storied 19th century family Bible ",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden was sworn in on a 19th century family Bible on Wednesday, continuing his longtime tradition of using the heirloom during his decades of public service.\n The five-inch thick Bible features a Celtic cross on the cover, and has been in the Biden family since 1893. The President has used the Bible each time he has taken an oath of office, including during his first Senate swearing-in in 1973 and his swearings-in as vice president in 2009 and 2013.\n The Bible was also used by Biden's late son, Beau Biden, when he was sworn in as attorney general of Delaware in 2007.\n First Lady Jill Biden held the Bible on Wednesday as her husband took the oath of office, which was administered by Chief Justice John Roberts.\n \"Every important date is in there. For example, every time I've been sworn in for anything, the date has been on that, and it's inscribed on the Bible,\" Biden told Stephen Colbert in December.\n \"Our son, when he was sworn in as attorney general, all the important dates in our family, going way back. And it's just been a family heirloom,\" he said.\n The Bible has been so central to Biden's political career that in 2009 when he took his final oath in the Senate, the swearing-in was delayed when the Bible couldn't be located, according to the Wilmington News Journal.\n Vice President Kamala Harris, meanwhile, also used notable Bibles when she was sworn in on Wednesday. She chose two Bibles -- one that belonged to former Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, one of her heroes who inspired her to pursue a career in the law, and that of Regina Shelton, a neighbor who cared for Harris and her sister Maya when they were growing up.\n Harris and her sister attended church with Shelton, where the Vice President was introduced to the teachings of the Bible. Harris has described Shelton as a \"second mother to us.\"\n Second Gentleman Douglas Emhoff held those two Bibles on Wednesday as Harris took her oath, which was administered by Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor.\n CNN's  Maeve Reston contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "bible",
            "church",
            "bibles",
            "cnn",
            "date",
            "chief",
            "vice",
            "journal",
            "marshall",
            "heirloom",
            "inch",
            "mother",
            "decade",
            "oath",
            "regina",
            "tradition",
            "career",
            "sotomayor",
            "sister",
            "thurgood",
            "wilmington",
            "colbert",
            "neighbor",
            "jill",
            "justice",
            "shelton",
            "law",
            "douglas",
            "supreme",
            "hero",
            "president",
            "beau",
            "swearing",
            "joe",
            "maeve",
            "emhoff",
            "stephen",
            "delaware",
            "harris",
            "john",
            "sonia",
            "senate",
            "roberts",
            "first",
            "maya",
            "gentleman",
            "century",
            "biden",
            "teaching",
            "wednesday",
            "reston",
            "in",
            "cross",
            "attorney",
            "december",
            "court",
            "husband",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "50": {
        "id": "1611472267.736984",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/media/michael-pack-resigns/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump-appointed head of Global Media agency resigns at Biden's request",
        "body_text": "Michael Pack, the controversial Trump-appointed CEO of the US Agency for Global Media, resigned on Wednesday after a request from the Biden administration.\n Pack, a conservative documentary filmmaker who became CEO in June, has been widely criticized for his stewardship of the international news services under USAGM, including the Voice of America.\n \"The new administration has requested my resignation,\" Pack wrote in a letter to staff.\n \"USAGM and the CEO position are meant to be non-partisan,\" Pack said. \"As such, every single day, I was solely focused upon reorienting the agency toward its mission. I sought, above all, to help the agency share America's story with the world objectively and without bias.\"\n In one of his last acts, Pack on Tuesday announced new boards of directors for the Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia, and Middle East Broadcasting Networks, three other news organizations under USAGM's supervision.\n The members are conservative talk radio host Blanquita Cullum; Jonathan Alexander from the conservative, anti-LGBTQ Liberty Counsel; pro-Trump filmmaker Amanda Milius; Roger Simon, who according to his LinkedIn writes for the Epoch Times, the pro-Trump paper with ties to Falun Gong; and Christian Whiton, a fellow at the Center for National Interest who served in the Trump and Bush administrations.\n Pack recently made news for telling VOA's White House reporter that she was \"not authorized\" to ask Secretary of State Mike Pompeo a question. The reporter, Patsy Widakuswara, was subsequently demoted twice, without explanation.\n Since Pack's arrival at USAGM, he \"has attempted to whitewash the primacy of the journalistic mission: both figurative and literally,\" said David Kligerman, the former general counsel at VOA until he was allegedly forced out by Pack last month. \"On his first day, he painted over an epigraph (by his predecessor John Lansing) celebrating the First Amendment and the sacred duty of journalists to hold public officials accountable.\"\n In December, the federal watchdog group Office of Special Counsel said it \"found a substantial likelihood of wrongdoing\" during an investigation of the agency, which was prompted by a complaint filed by six senior officials who alleged that Pack had abused his authority.\n Kligerman said on the record what many others at VOA echo privately -- that Pack has since \"waged war against the Agency's journalists and editorial independence,\" including by firing all the network heads and rescinding the agency's firewall regulation meant to insulate it from political meddling, refusing \"to renew J1 visas for our journalists for purely nativist reasons, forcing them out of the country; and pretextually firing journalists for covering stories perceived to be harmful to the administration.\"",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "media",
            "pompeo",
            "voa",
            "roger",
            "simon",
            "blanquita",
            "counsel",
            "whiton",
            "request",
            "arrival",
            "epigraph",
            "predecessor",
            "global",
            "center",
            "linkedin",
            "amanda",
            "reporter",
            "national",
            "stewardship",
            "agency",
            "europe",
            "liberty",
            "resignation",
            "bias",
            "michael",
            "mike",
            "gong",
            "june",
            "asia",
            "america",
            "tuesday",
            "usagm",
            "filmmaker",
            "falun",
            "pack",
            "epoch",
            "cullum",
            "likelihood",
            "documentary",
            "state",
            "official",
            "free",
            "organization",
            "trump",
            "milius",
            "jonathan",
            "times",
            "secretary",
            "alexander",
            "staff",
            "mission",
            "supervision",
            "interest",
            "fellow",
            "explanation",
            "host",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "journalist",
            "primacy",
            "wrongdoing",
            "ceo",
            "watchdog",
            "lgbtq",
            "director",
            "networks",
            "us",
            "broadcasting",
            "patsy",
            "christian"
        ]
    },
    "51": {
        "id": "1611472268.2795782",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/entertainment/biden-tv-column/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump's 'reality TV presidency' gets a new, more produced look with Biden TV",
        "body_text": "Much has been written about Donald Trump's \"TV presidency,\" and how the former reality-TV star sought to produce his time in the White House. Throughout his presidential campaign, however, Joe Biden's team -- in its adherence to Covid protocols -- has been shaped through the language of television, creating crowd-pleasing TV moments minus the crowds.\n While Trump continued to emphasize in-person events, speaking to crowds and rallies, Biden used TV to get out his message. Derided by the former president's supporters for running a campaign from his basement, the strategy actually mirrored the way sports has continued with limited or no attendance, or talk-show hosts adapted from boisterous studio audiences to speaking directly to the camera and more intimate remote interviews.\n The peak of the Biden campaign's production savvy emerged during the Democratic National Convention, mounted as a remote affair and hosted each night by a different celebrity. The flag-waving videos and heartwarming moments were worthy of the packages that NBC produces for the Olympics every other year.\n A similar approach could be seen this week in efforts to compensate for the lack of inaugural crowds, beginning with the memorial for Covid-19 victims, during a somber outdoor ceremony that featured Yolanda Adams singing \"Hallelujah.\" The moment moved MSNBC contributors who were watching to tears.\n Carefully cast with the likes of Lady Gaga and Jennifer Lopez in supporting roles, the inauguration is also being commemorated with a primetime special hosted by Tom Hanks, reflecting the way the Biden team leveraged the celebrities that support him, adding star power to the \"show.\"\n For decades, television has represented the defining medium in how politicians communicate with their constituents, so in a sense, this is nothing new. The wrinkle introduced since coronavirus became a threat has been the need to avoid mass gatherings, at least among those who practiced social distancing and followed the scientific advice.\n The other thing about TV in general -- and reality TV in particular -- is that it is very, very good at making the audience see and experience what it wants them to see. Editing is used to shape reality into specific storylines, and create illusions as simple as the audiences inserted into shows like Fox's \"The Masked Singer,\" which has used old footage of appreciative fans to maintain a sense of excitement, even as the participants perform in a near-empty venue.\n Trump's Covid response -- or lack thereof, in the eyes of his critics -- was tailored to television, as his televised briefings made clear. But as he campaigned, he still relied on drawing energy from the familiar power of big in-person events.\n By contrast, Biden's commitment to following the guidelines required more creativity, seeking to convey emotional beats without the traditional cues of cheering audiences.\n Until the Covid threat subsides, that appears to be the formula for the Biden presidency, creating imagery not for those in attendance but to be seen and absorbed through the safety and distance of TV.\n As has happened with sports, award shows and other live events, the presentation loses something under those rules, and it means more planning and tinkering from a production standpoint. In a way, though, those limitations also provide the producers more control over the finished product and how the message is delivered to the end consumers at home.\n There will be no arguments about crowd size for this inauguration, as Biden spoke to an emptied National Mall. Yet that space was meticulously populated by American flags, another striking visual caught only when the camera panned out.\n As for the address itself, the close-ups of the new president and vice president looked like any other inaugural, with TV as the familiar conduit to the nation. With that, what was sometimes called \"The Trump Show\" has been recast, with a new star speaking directly to all those people -- the \"folks,\" as Biden put it -- out there on the other side of the screen.",
        "tags": [
            "jennifer",
            "lopez",
            "affair",
            "mall",
            "presidency",
            "convention",
            "camera",
            "television",
            "supporter",
            "national",
            "nbc",
            "peak",
            "coronavirus",
            "msnbc",
            "reality",
            "hanks",
            "studio",
            "package",
            "video",
            "celebrity",
            "gaga",
            "attendance",
            "president",
            "rally",
            "interview",
            "campaign",
            "flag",
            "joe",
            "crowd",
            "olympics",
            "masked",
            "adherence",
            "message",
            "basement",
            "audience",
            "night",
            "trump",
            "strategy",
            "biden",
            "protocol",
            "covid-19",
            "host",
            "hallelujah",
            "singer",
            "tv",
            "tom",
            "fox",
            "language",
            "production",
            "donald",
            "yolanda",
            "democratic",
            "adams",
            "savvy"
        ]
    },
    "52": {
        "id": "1611472269.185458",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/economy/stimulus-checks-economic-impact/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Joe Biden's proposed stimulus checks are a lousy way to fix the economy",
        "body_text": "The most expensive provision in Joe Biden's $1.9 trillion economic recovery plan is his proposal to send an additional $1,400 to most Americans. According to many economists, that's the least effective way to help revive the economy.\n The added stimulus is born out of widespread support among Congressional Democrats, and many Republicans, including outgoing President Donald Trump, to increase the direct payments from the most recent Covid-19 economic relief package from $600 to $2,000.\n \"Six hundred dollars is simply not enough if you still have to choose between paying rent and putting food on the table,\" Biden said when unveiling his economic recovery plan. \"Even for those who have kept their jobs, these checks are really important.\"\n The problem with the direct payments, according to economists and others critical of the plan, is that much of the stimulus would go to individuals who have not been financially hurt by the Covid-19 pandemic. That means those added dollars may not do much to boost economic activity.\n The $1,400 checks would go to most everyone who makes less than $75,000. Taxpayers filing joint returns who earn less than $150,000 would also qualify. Those earning more could qualify for lesser amounts, with a cap of $87,000 for individual tax filers to be eligible.\n \"That money is not well targeted,\" said Mark Zandi, chief economist for Moody's Analytics.\n Zandi said the only economic argument for the checks is that they are a politically feasible way to get a lot of cash into the economy fairly quickly.\n \"Politics matter, and speed is more important than to get it exactly right,\" he said. \"But I think it's the second or third best policy. It's certainly not the most effective way to help out.\"\n The money could be a lifeline for struggling taxpayers. But one of the biggest problems, according to economists, is many who receive the checks will either put the money into savings or use it to pay down debt, neither of which will do much to increase overall economic activity.\n \"The accepted theory of household behavior is that a one-time payment does little to spur additional spending,\" said Joel Prakken, Chief US Economist at IHS Markit. \"People who do spend it will do so on purchases that aren't likely to be repeated. It's getting harder to argue it'll be an immediate stimulus to the economy.\"\n A big part of the challenge with maintaining consumer spending during the pandemic has been that many of the goods and services people spend money on in \"normal\" times aren't available because of the crisis.\n \"Given that lots of the hole [in spending] was not from the fact that people don't want to spend, but that they can't spend because they can't take a flight or they can't go to a restaurant,\" said Larry Summers, in a recent interview on Bloomberg. Summers served as a top economist in the early days of the Obama administration. \"I don't necessarily think the priority should be on promoting consumer spending beyond where we are now.\"\n Although Summers has been a supporter of direct payments in the past, he is skeptical that the proposal will be effective this time. \"I'm not even sure I'm that enthusiastic about the $600 checks,\" he said. \"And I think taking them to $2,000 would be a pretty serious mistake.\"\n There is a chance that Biden's proposal for the additional $1,400 payments won't be approved.\n The additional round of stimulus would cost the government $465 billion, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. That's roughly $100 billion more than is proposed for increased unemployment benefits.\n Most experts believe that the full $1.9 trillion package has little chance of becoming law, and is likely to be passed in some scaled back form. In addition to bipartisan support for the checks, there is also bipartisan opposition. Among the leading Democratic critics is Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia.\n \"I'm on board helping people that need help. People that can't make it. People that don't have jobs, they can't put food on the table,\" Manchin told CNN in a recent interview. \"Sending checks to people who basically already have a check, and who aren't going to spend it, who are putting it in their savings account right now, that's not who we are. We have done an awful lot of that. It's time now to target where that money goes.\"\n Sen. Mitch McConnell, who will be the minority leader in the new Democratic-controlled Senate, said he also opposes another round of stimulus checks despite support from some members of his caucus.\n \"It's no secret that Republicans have a diversity of views on the wisdom of borrowing hundreds of billions more non-targeted money, including to many households that have suffered no loss of income during the crisis,\" he said in recent remarks in the Senate. \"It's hardly clear that the federal government's top priority should be sending thousands of dollars to, for example, a childless couple making well into six figures who have been comfortably teleworking all year. Our duty is to get help to the people who need help.\"",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "budget",
            "provision",
            "cnn",
            "theory",
            "chief",
            "politics",
            "democratic",
            "sen.",
            "mitch",
            "larry",
            "individual",
            "payment",
            "household",
            "taxpayer",
            "analytics",
            "bloomberg",
            "cash",
            "zandi",
            "republicans",
            "moody",
            "economy",
            "relief",
            "lot",
            "federal",
            "lifeline",
            "pandemic",
            "stimulus",
            "package",
            "committee",
            "behavior",
            "president",
            "argument",
            "joel",
            "economist",
            "joe",
            "obama",
            "debt",
            "manchin",
            "saving",
            "ihs",
            "markit",
            "spending",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "filer",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "proposal",
            "tax",
            "prakken",
            "covid-19",
            "mcconnell",
            "recovery",
            "summers",
            "dollar",
            "People",
            "virginia",
            "west",
            "check",
            "donald",
            "plan",
            "us"
        ]
    },
    "53": {
        "id": "1611472270.263062",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/world/meanwhile-in-america-january-20-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "What America needs from Biden today",
        "body_text": "This was excerpted from the January 20 edition of CNN's Meanwhile in America, the daily email about US politics for global readers. Click here to read past editions and subscribe.\nLeave it to Seamus Heaney to encapsulate Joe Biden's inaugural goal. The incoming US president, who often filters his own life experience through his favorite Irish poetry, must conjure a moment \"where hope and history rhyme.\"\n America needs inspiration after a grinding four-year presidency of division, spite and assaults on its founding values. When Biden delivers his inaugural address Wednesday, expect him to share in the grief of the pandemic-blighted nation he leads and to offer grim honesty about the road ahead \u2014 both commodities scorned by the previous commander in chief.\n His assignment is even more daunting than it was during the campaign. On the eve of Biden's inauguration, the US lost a 400,000th life to Covid-19. The  country's vaccine rollout is a mess. New virus mutations are spreading unseen. Then there's the problem of a growing nationalist insurgency.\n When Biden places his hand on the Bible and swears the oath of office, he will shoulder the most poisoned inheritance since Franklin Roosevelt, who in 1933 took office amid the Great Depression.\n FDR's infectious optimism and inaugural rallying cry, \"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself\" paved America's path out of crisis. Years of struggles against crippling polio had equipped him with inner steel, empathy for the dispossessed and an unshakeable belief that even in the most desperate hour, better times are ahead.\n Eighty-eight years on, another new president will attempt to revive a nation stricken by grief and broken national bonds, his character also forged by personal tragedy -- the deaths of his first wife, infant daughter and grown son Beau. \"I know these are dark times, but there is always light,\" a tearful Biden said as he left Delaware for Washington and the mission of his life.\n When Biden stares out from the West Front of the US Capitol toward the vast American interior on Wednesday, he won't see a massive crowd. In its place will be a forest of flags, representing all the Americans who can't be on the National Mall to witness the birth of his presidency.\n The vast installation, including thousands of Stars and Stripes, state and territorial flags, is one way of distracting from the pandemic and the Trump-inspired insurrection that made a traditional inauguration impossible.\n But mass gatherings on the Mall are a comparatively recent tradition, anyway. The first President, George Washington, took the inaugural oath of office in 1789 at Federal Hall in New York, then serving as the US capital.\n Primitive photographs show President Abraham Lincoln's first inauguration in 1861, as the US was tearing itself apart before the Civil War. With security concerns high, Honest Abe took the oath on the East Front of the Capitol, as was then the norm, below the building's still unfinished dome.\n \"We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection,\" Lincoln said, an admonition apt for the divided nation Biden must lead.\n In 1945, a sick and exhausted FDR, who was months away from death, reasoned that wartime was no time for a party. The soldiers who would have marched in his fourth inaugural parade were locked in combat in Europe and Asia. So, like Biden, FDR urged supporters not to flock to Washington; he delivered his address from the South Portico of the White House instead.\n At least Biden will get to go outside. Ronald Reagan's second inaugural festivities were moved into the Capitol Rotunda in 1985 because of frigid weather.\n The Washington chill is no joke.\n President William Henry Harrison died of pneumonia only 32 days after taking office. His demise was perhaps accelerated by his one-hour 45-minute inaugural address in the cold.\n The weather may be the only thing Biden doesn't have to worry about. Skies over the Capitol are forecast to be clear at noon on Wednesday, with temperatures hovering at 39 degrees Fahrenheit (10 Celsius).",
        "tags": [
            "bible",
            "americans",
            "lincoln",
            "cnn",
            "chief",
            "email",
            "george",
            "mall",
            "depression",
            "york",
            "reagan",
            "edition",
            "seamus",
            "presidency",
            "south",
            "grief",
            "history",
            "division",
            "national",
            "commodity",
            "europe",
            "commander",
            "roosevelt",
            "subscribe",
            "heaney",
            "stars",
            "federal",
            "pandemic",
            "abraham",
            "polio",
            "washington",
            "honesty",
            "goal",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "asia",
            "portico",
            "civil",
            "franklin",
            "politic",
            "president",
            "beau",
            "experience",
            "poetry",
            "address",
            "campaign",
            "joe",
            "war",
            "rotunda",
            "reader",
            "spite",
            "assault",
            "eve",
            "delaware",
            "rollout",
            "trump",
            "inauguration",
            "rhyme",
            "assignment",
            "honest",
            "fdr",
            "biden",
            "covid-19",
            "stripes",
            "wednesday",
            "inspiration",
            "abe",
            "value",
            "west",
            "ronald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "vaccine"
        ]
    },
    "54": {
        "id": "1611472270.8360488",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/first-100-days-biden-challenge-trump-legacy/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden's 100-day sprint to undo Trump's 4 years",
        "body_text": "A version of this story appeared in CNN's What Matters newsletter. To get it in your inbox, sign up for free here.\nWednesday marks Joe Biden's first day as US president, but you're going to hear a lot about his first 100 days as he takes the reins, particularly when it comes to Covid.\n That gets us to April 30.\n The list of what Biden hopes to do between now and then, in part:\n Asking Americans to wear masks (and making them, where he can) 100 million vaccines in American arms Most US schools openPassing a $1.9 trillion economic relief plan Introducing a new immigration proposal with a pathway to citizenship\n He's also got a slate of Day One executive orders meant to undo what President Donald Trump has wrought over the past four years, including:\n Rejoining the Paris climate agreementNixing Trump's travel ban on mostly-Muslim countriesStopping the Keystone XL pipeline\n Here's a full list.\n That will be followed by executive orders on Thursday and Friday regarding Covid and economic support for Americans.\n Biden's also pledged the most diverse Cabinet in history and said it would look like America. Here's an interactive that shows how he did.\n Biden will be tackling this enormous to-do list as Congress navigates the impeachment trial of his predecessor (which may or may not feature Chief Justice John Roberts).\n It's a lot to get done in 100 days, far less than an NBA season, particularly when you pair it with the fact that the Senate has not confirmed or even scheduled a vote on a single one of Biden's Cabinet nominees. The first group had their initial hearings on Tuesday.\n Nobody needs deadlines more than lawmakers, although Congress rarely gets much of anything done before the last possible moment. \"As a veteran of national politics, Biden understands that the most valuable commodity for any new President is time,\" writes presidential historian Julian Zelizer, casting back to LBJ's effort to make the most of his time before politics took over.\n For LBJ, that meant 1965 and half of 1966 before he expected to lose seats in Congress during the midterm elections.\n For Biden, in this hyperpartisan era, it almost surely means much less time. He is deeply aware of how Republicans played obstructionist during the entire Barack Obama administration and refused to materially buy into any major piece of legislation, including stimulus, Obamacare and Wall Street revisions, although there were exceptions on stimulus and Wall Street.\n Obama started his term with a filibuster-proof 60-vote majority in the Senate. Biden starts his with 50.\n Some unexpected thing will happen. Obama lost that key 60th seat when Teddy Kennedy died and a Republican won the special election. Obamacare has been set during the decade since as the flawed law that had already passed the Senate because it's impossible to fix things in frozen Washington.\n The closer analogy for Biden now is 2001, when Republicans turned off Sen. Jim Jeffords, who was unhappy that George W. Bush and his fellow Republicans in Congress were giving short shrift to funding for special education.\n Jeffords left the GOP in March, well within Bush's first 100 days, handing control of the Senate to Democrats and foiling Bush's first-term plans.\n That's the difficulty of leading. Biden will have to keep everyone who's in the Democratic tent on his team and get help from a non-insubstantial group of Republicans, which will require momentum and urgency.\n Zelizer compares Biden's 100-day plan with those of other presidents and sees a key difference:\n Unlike some other famous first 100 days, like FDR's in 1933, Biden's plan primarily aims to reverse the direction of policy under his predecessor and stabilize society from the pandemic rather than set out on a fundamentally new path that remakes public policy. Nonetheless, given the circumstances, the plan is extremely ambitious.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "chief",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "sen.",
            "predecessor",
            "julian",
            "teddy",
            "mask",
            "season",
            "history",
            "rein",
            "keystone",
            "jeffords",
            "version",
            "school",
            "republicans",
            "relief",
            "lot",
            "interactive",
            "justice",
            "pathway",
            "covid",
            "washington",
            "america",
            "ban",
            "tuesday",
            "thursday",
            "impeachment",
            "vote",
            "president",
            "xl",
            "barack",
            "climate",
            "newsletter",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "nominee",
            "cabinet",
            "wall",
            "matters",
            "friday",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "roberts",
            "zelizer",
            "kennedy",
            "republican",
            "deadline",
            "biden",
            "lbj",
            "obamacare",
            "proposal",
            "pipeline",
            "wednesday",
            "paris",
            "inbox",
            "executive",
            "immigration",
            "trial",
            "jim",
            "hearing",
            "donald",
            "nba",
            "us",
            "plan",
            "vaccine",
            "slate",
            "april",
            "hyperpartisan"
        ]
    },
    "55": {
        "id": "1611472271.6576781",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/eelume-undersea-snake-robot-spc-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "This 'snake robot' can fix pipelines on the ocean floor",
        "body_text": "The deep-sea oil and gas industry has a vast and costly infrastructure to maintain. Wells, other equipment, and thousands of kilometers of pipeline must be installed, inspected and repaired.\n Now, cutting-edge underwater drones and robots are being developed that could make the work safer, cheaper and less polluting.\n Among them is Eelume, a six-meter-long, snake-like robot kitted out with sensors and a camera at each end. It can be kept at a docking station at depths up to 500 meters (547 yards) for six months, without being brought back to the surface.\n The self-propelling robot can travel up to 20 kilometers (12.4 miles) before needing to return to its station to recharge. It can also swap out parts for different tasks, including tools to operate subsea valves, and cleaning brushes to remove marine growth and sediments.\n Maintenance work at many deep-water wells and pipeline systems is already carried out by unmanned vehicles. But these vehicles typically need to be transported to the offshore site on a fully crewed ship and then remotely operated from onboard the surface vessel. That can cost up to $100,000 per day, according to P\u00e5l Liljeb\u00e4ck, chief technology officer with Eelume Subsea Intervention, which developed the robot.\n Based in Trondheim, Norway, the company was spun off from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Liljeb\u00e4ck says that by \"enabling the robot to become a subsea resident living in a docking station, it can be mobilized at any time to do inspections and intervention tasks, and thereby reducing the need for costly surface vessels.\"\n Eelume can work autonomously on tasks assigned from a control room onshore, and send back video and data. Its snake-like design allows it to work in confined spaces and wriggle its body to stay in place in strong currents. By docking under the sea, it can be deployed whatever the conditions on the surface of the ocean.\n The global underwater robotics market is expected to be worth around $7 billion in 2025, according to analysts, and other companies are in the process of commercializing novel deep-sea drone and robot technology.\n Saipem (SAPMY), an Italian oilfield services company, has created the Hydrone-R underwater drone, which can dive to 3,000 meters for construction and maintenance work. US startup Houston Mechatronics has developed the Aquanaut, a subsea robot vehicle that can be remotely operated or work autonomously, while Sweden's Saab Seaeye Falcon vehicle is already being used to carry out inspections in Chile's fish farms.\n Norwegian oil company Equinor was an early investor in Eelume. \"It will reduce our costs by using a cheaper method to do maintenance and repair. Instead of our employees working in dangerous conditions offshore, we can put them in an onshore control room,\" P\u00e5l Atle Solheimsnes, lead engineer with Equinor, tells CNN Business.\n The oil and gas industries are major contributors to climate change, and deep water exploration can damage the marine environment. But Atle says Eelume can have environmental benefits. \"The diesel burning surface vessels emit a lot of CO2 but robots, like Eelume, emit almost nothing.\"\n Eelume Subsea Intervention and Equinor will carry out final testing on the seabed later this year at the \u00c5sgard oil and gas field. Eelume says it expects to deploy its first snake robots next year and hopes to have up to 50 in oceans around the world by 2027.",
        "tags": [
            "solheimsnes",
            "robot",
            "wells",
            "sensor",
            "cnn",
            "equinor",
            "edge",
            "chile",
            "mechatronics",
            "self",
            "hydrone",
            "camera",
            "norwegian",
            "seaeye",
            "valve",
            "houston",
            "vehicle",
            "infrastructure",
            "meter",
            "sediment",
            "subsea",
            "r",
            "maintenance",
            "aquanaut",
            "liljeb\u00e4ck",
            "eelume",
            "norway",
            "gas",
            "falcon",
            "intervention",
            "science",
            "depth",
            "industry",
            "water",
            "p\u00e5l",
            "mile",
            "co2",
            "sea",
            "well",
            "sweden",
            "task",
            "kilometer",
            "drone",
            "system",
            "university",
            "thousand",
            "growth",
            "saab",
            "equipment",
            "pipeline",
            "trondheim",
            "technology",
            "\u00e5sgard",
            "sapmy",
            "surface",
            "saipem",
            "snake",
            "atle",
            "docking",
            "us"
        ]
    },
    "56": {
        "id": "1611472272.12422",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/entertainment/michael-douglas-newborn-grandson-photo-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Michael Douglas meets newborn grandson for the first time",
        "body_text": "Michael Douglas is a proud grandpa.\n The actor shared a photo of himself meeting his newborn grandson on Tuesday.\n \"First time I've seen my month old grandson, Ryder!\" he wrote alongside the photo on Instagram.\n It's the second child of his son Cameron Douglas and his partner Viviane Thibes, who posted about the birth last month on social media writing, \"Touching down planet earth. Welcome my Son ... Ryder T. Douglas.\"\n Cameron also has a 3-year-old daughter, Lua.\n Douglas' wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones, shared on her Instagram Story her excitement for a new grandchild: \"And a new Douglas is born!!!! Welcome to the world Ryder T Douglas.\"\n Cameron is Douglas' son from his marriage to Diandra Luker; they divorced in 1995. Douglas has two children with Zeta-Jones.",
        "tags": [
            "child",
            "grandson",
            "thibes",
            "instagram",
            "ryder",
            "zeta",
            "luker",
            "michael",
            "planet",
            "douglas",
            "t",
            "actor",
            "tuesday",
            "photo",
            "cameron",
            "t.",
            "grandpa",
            "diandra",
            "medium",
            "writing",
            "wife",
            "daughter",
            "lua",
            "marriage",
            "catherine",
            "viviane",
            "jones",
            "grandchild",
            "excitement"
        ]
    },
    "57": {
        "id": "1611472272.641728",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/weather/southwest-rain-forecast-pattern-change-drought/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Nearly 2 years' worth of rainfall is possible in parts of Southern California over the next week",
        "body_text": "The historic run of dry weather has been one for the record books across the Western US, but now forecasts show some much needed relief is on the way.\n Over 70% of the Southwest is in grip of extreme drought.\n In Las Vegas, for example, rain has only fallen on two occasions over the past 273 days. And Phoenix has endured a historic run of heat and drought, recording its fewest annual number of rainy days on record in 2020 at just 15 days.\n Now, a significant pattern change is expected to introduce much needed wet weather to the region.\n On the heels of this week's potent Santa Ana wind event, which brought hurricane force winds to the region and left 270,000 homes in the dark, the storm track that has long eluded the region is shifting south.\n Long-range models suggest three, or possibly four, separate storms will impact California, Nevada and Arizona during the final two weeks of January.\n A strong area of high pressure is developing well offshore in the Eastern Pacific, allowing the jet stream to nose dive from the north towards the south. These upper-level winds are the conveyer belts for storm systems, and it has been nearly 10 months since a window this favorable has opened for the region.\n The first of these opportunities presents itself Wednesday as the system partly responsible for the powerful winds draws moisture from the Pacific into the Southwest.\n Flash flood watches have been issued across the Sonoran Desert of Eastern California and Western Arizona, where as much as one to three inches of rain are possible through Friday.\n The typically sun-soaked town of Imperial, California averages less than 2.5 inches of rainfall per year. Now forecast models are predicting two to three inches of rainfall across that region over the next several days.\n This appears to be just the beginning of an overall wetter trend, which could continue for the next two weeks. The forecast for a possible storm every three to four days through the end of the month could mean three to five inches of precipitation for the parched landscape.\n As the system gradually shifts east, residents of Phoenix and Yuma, Arizona will be delighted to see their best opportunity for rainfall since it last rained on December 10. In fact, a chance of showers is forecast for Phoenix on six of the next seven days.\n Prior to its most recent rainfall on December 10, Phoenix and Yuma had endured an incredible stretch of 110 and 242 consecutive rain-free days, respectively.\n The new rainy pattern looks to continue at the weekend, initially bringing much needed rainfall across the northern half of California and Nevada, followed by showers to the entire Southwest on Sunday into Monday.",
        "tags": [
            "forecast",
            "occasion",
            "western",
            "pacific",
            "vegas",
            "heat",
            "level",
            "inch",
            "rainfall",
            "santa",
            "nevada",
            "eastern",
            "flash",
            "south",
            "average",
            "ana",
            "sunday",
            "heel",
            "sun",
            "imperial",
            "track",
            "hurricane",
            "relief",
            "moisture",
            "las",
            "sonoran",
            "region",
            "dive",
            "stream",
            "pattern",
            "flood",
            "yuma",
            "arizona",
            "california",
            "drought",
            "beginning",
            "opportunity",
            "friday",
            "southwest",
            "range",
            "system",
            "belt",
            "pressure",
            "wednesday",
            "phoenix",
            "monday",
            "desert",
            "conveyer",
            "december",
            "january",
            "us",
            "grip",
            "jet"
        ]
    },
    "58": {
        "id": "1611472273.5870311",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/health/marijuana-abuse-teens-suicide-wellness/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Marijuana abuse by youth with mood disorders linked to suicide attempts, self-harm and death, study finds",
        "body_text": "Heavy use of marijuana by teens and young adults with mood disorders -- such as depression and bipolar disorder -- is linked to an increased risk of self-harm, suicide attempts and death, a new study has found.\n Unintentional overdoses, suicide and homicide were the three most frequent causes of death, according to the study published Tuesday in JAMA Pediatrics.\n \"And clinicians need to intervene to identify and treat cannabis use disorder as well as kids with mood disorders,\" Fontanella said.\n Cannabis use disorder, also known as marijuana use disorder, is associated with dependence on the use of weed. A person is considered dependent on weed when they feel food cravings or a lack of appetite, irritability, restlessness and mood and sleep difficulties after quitting, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse.\n \"People who begin using marijuana before the age of 18 are four to seven times more likely to develop a marijuana use disorder than adults,\" NIDA advises. About 4 million people in the United States met the diagnostic criteria for a marijuana use disorder in 2015, the NIDA estimates.\n Experts say that number will have grown due to a rise in potency in today's varieties of weed, along with the legalization of recreational marijuana for adults in 15 states and medical use in 36 states.\n Studies in adults show a strong association between overuse of weed and suicide attempts and death. A study of adult same-sex twins found those who were dependent on marijuana were nearly three times more likely to attempt suicide than their twin who was not dependent on weed.\n Another study of 1,463 suicides and 7,392 natural deaths in the United States found a link between any use of marijuana by adults and suicide risk after adjusting for alcohol use, depression and use of mental health services. And there was an increased risk of suicide for both men and women who were dependent on marijuana, according to a four-year study of 6,445 Danish adults.\n The new study used Ohio Medicare data to identify both cannabis use disorder and self-harm attempts and outcomes in youth between the ages of 10 and 24 years old. The study could only show an association between cannabis dependence and negative outcomes, not a direct cause and effect.\n Prior studies show children with mood disorders are highly likely to use and abuse marijuana, Fontanella said, partly because they don't like the side effects of many prescribed medications.\n \"Mood stabilizers and psychotic medications can cause weight gain, say up to 30 or 40 pounds ... stiffness of their neck or eyes ... and it can cause sedation,\" Fontanella said. \"So, they may not use their medication and may self-medicate with cannabis to treat the mood disorders.\"\n It could also be that using weed might contribute to the development of mood disorders, however.\n \"Research shows cannabis use is associated with early onset of mood disorder, psychosis and anxiety disorders, so it can lead to the onset of severe mental illness,\" Fontanella said.\n At this point, however, science is not sure which comes first, partly because few if any studies have been done in teens and young adults.\n \"Research suggests that marijuana exposure impacts the brain's ability to process emotion. Could this interact in a deleterious way with the developing brain?\" said Dr. Lucien Gonzalez, who chairs the American Academy of Pediatrics committee on substance use and prevention. Gonzalez was not involved in the study.\n \"It doesn't prove that using cannabis causes depression or self-harm, but also doesn't definitively refute it,\" said Gonzalez, an assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University of Minnesota Medical School.\n \"Complicated associations appear to be found, and we just don't fully understand them yet,\" Gonzalez said.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "jama",
            "abuse",
            "marijuana",
            "suicide",
            "gonzalez",
            "depression",
            "self",
            "cannabi",
            "criterion",
            "estimate",
            "lack",
            "fontanella",
            "teen",
            "drug",
            "national",
            "institute",
            "academy",
            "american",
            "school",
            "disorder",
            "pediatrics",
            "overdose",
            "dependence",
            "kid",
            "medicare",
            "mood",
            "lucien",
            "appetite",
            "tuesday",
            "cannabis",
            "harm",
            "difficulty",
            "cause",
            "adult",
            "studies",
            "dr.",
            "clinician",
            "homicide",
            "weed",
            "craving",
            "university",
            "restlessness",
            "nida",
            "irritability",
            "People",
            "attempt",
            "ohio",
            "medical",
            "minnesota",
            "death",
            "risk"
        ]
    },
    "59": {
        "id": "1611472273.999367",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/americas/pfizer-canada-vaccine/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Pfizer tells Canada it will not receive any Covid-19 vaccine doses next week ",
        "body_text": "Frustration visibly boiled over with some Canadian leaders Tuesday as Pfizer told the country that it would not receive any vaccine doses next week due to the continuing manufacturing disruptions at its facility in Belgium.\n Prime Minister Justin Trudeau sought to reassure Canadians that vaccine deliveries would pick up again in a few weeks and that the overall goal, to have every willing Canadian vaccinated by September, would remain on track.\n But it was Ontario Premier Doug Ford who bluntly voiced the frustration of many provincial leaders as Pfizer continues to cut its vaccine delivery schedule to Canada.\n \"We got to be on these guys like a blanket, I'd be outside that guy's house. Every time he moved, I'd be saying, 'Where's our vaccines?' Other people are getting them, the European Union is getting them, why not Canada? That's my question to Pfizer, we need your support,\" said Ford at a news conference.\n Canada's supply of the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine comes from the European allotment and not from nearby manufacturing facilities in the US, since the Trump administration made it clear vaccines would not be exported.\n \"There's a plant, a Pfizer plant, six hours in Kalamazoo, Michigan, with the Americans,\" Ford said. \"My American friends help us out, we need help once again as we did with the PPE. You have a new President, no more excuses we need your support, and we look forward to your support and that's a direct message to President (Joe) Biden, 'help out your neighbor.'\"\n Ford made a direct plea to Biden for a million vaccines for Canada.\n The incoming Biden administration is unlikely to release vaccine doses for export in the short term as transition officials have stated they are uncertain of the current supply of vaccines available in the US.\n Canadian government officials made it clear Tuesday that the shortfall in deliveries from Pfizer would result in a \"major reduction\" in vaccinations in the coming weeks.\n \"There will be a considerable impact across all provinces,\" said Maj. Gen. Dany Fortin, the Canadian commander in charge of the vaccine rollout, adding, \"the overall impact over the next month is in the range of a 50% decrease of expected allocation.\"\n The pandemic curve in Canada is beginning to show signs of bending downward after weeks of lockdowns. But hospitalizations remain high, and officials say the overall death toll during this second wave could eventually be more dire than the first.\n \"We're all contributing to reducing the burden on the health system, supporting our health care workforce in the difficult task of planning and implementing mass vaccine rollout and giving vaccines a longer runway to begin to work as access expands to reach all Canadians,\" said Dr. Theresa Tam, Canada's chief public health officer.\n Tam said on average, about 140 virus-related deaths are reported in Canada each day.",
        "tags": [
            "trudeau",
            "americans",
            "canadians",
            "pfizer",
            "delivery",
            "ontario",
            "prime",
            "supply",
            "guy",
            "vaccination",
            "term",
            "ppe",
            "blanket",
            "track",
            "allotment",
            "disruption",
            "union",
            "neighbor",
            "schedule",
            "belgium",
            "shortfall",
            "vaccine",
            "conference",
            "fortin",
            "reduction",
            "justin",
            "goal",
            "facility",
            "dose",
            "tuesday",
            "impact",
            "president",
            "joe",
            "dr.",
            "excuse",
            "message",
            "official",
            "michigan",
            "biontech",
            "trump",
            "tam",
            "leader",
            "government",
            "ford",
            "biden",
            "dany",
            "maj",
            "theresa",
            "administration",
            "minister",
            "transition",
            "gen.",
            "european",
            "canada",
            "manufacturing",
            "frustration",
            "premier",
            "doug",
            "us",
            "export",
            "kalamazoo",
            "plea",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "60": {
        "id": "1611472274.4819689",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/navajo-nation-uncontrolled-spread/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Navajo Nation identifies 75 communities with 'uncontrolled' Covid-19 spread in first weeks of January ",
        "body_text": "The Navajo Nation has identified 75 communities with an \"uncontrolled spread\" of Covid-19 in the first two weeks of January, according to a Tuesday news release.\n That's more than double the number of communities with uncontrolled spread the Nation had identified in November.\n At the time, Navajo leaders said the spread was \"largely due to travel off the Navajo Nation and family gatherings.\"\n Now, they expressed concern about Covid-19 variants circulating in the US.\n \"With more and more reports of the COVID-19 variant being reported in various regions, we must continue to take all precautions,\" Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez said in a statement. \"I am hopeful that we are beginning to see a downward trend, but that depends on the actions of all of us.\"\n \"We all have a part to play in bringing down the numbers of new COVID-19 cases. Stay strong and keep fighting. We are in this together,\" the president added.\n The Navajo Nation is the largest Native American tribe in the US, and stretches across parts of Arizona, Utah and New Mexico.\n And throughout the pandemic, it's faced brutal surges of infections. In May, the Navajo Nation surpassed New York and New Jersey for the highest per capita Covid-19 infection rate in the US.\n In November, it began a three-week \"stay-at-home lockdown\" and by early December, leaders announced they were extending the measure for several more weeks in hopes of slowing cases.\n A public health order issued by the Nation at the time said it was seeing an \"alarming\" rise in infections.\n \"We are near a point where our health care providers are going to have to make very difficult decisions in terms of providing medical treatment to COVID-19 patients with very limited resources such as hospital beds, oxygen resources, medical personnel, and little to no options to transport patients to other regional hospitals because they are also near full capacity,\" Nez said at the time.\n A stay at home lockdown is currently in effect through January 25, according to the latest news release.\n The Nation has reported a total of more than 26,500 Covid-19 cases and more than 920 virus-related deaths. Nation leaders have reported that more than 27,000 vaccine doses have been distributed and more than 21,000 have been administered.",
        "tags": [
            "jersey",
            "infection",
            "hospital",
            "oxygen",
            "release",
            "mexico",
            "utah",
            "york",
            "measure",
            "treatment",
            "nez",
            "statement",
            "community",
            "term",
            "pandemic",
            "region",
            "action",
            "gathering",
            "tuesday",
            "arizona",
            "president",
            "variant",
            "resource",
            "navajo",
            "tribe",
            "health",
            "jonathan",
            "leader",
            "provider",
            "rate",
            "november",
            "lockdown",
            "personnel",
            "concern",
            "covid-19",
            "trend",
            "patient",
            "may",
            "precaution",
            "december",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "surge",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "61": {
        "id": "1611472274.962164",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/trump-presidency-ends/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump's lonely exit",
        "body_text": "In one last divisive spectacle before exiting the Oval Office, President Donald J. Trump became the first chief executive in modern US history to forgo the tradition of attending his successor's inauguration. Instead, Trump opted for a departure ceremony that left the self-styled larger-than-life business tycoon-turned-president appearing small and as alone as ever.\n With the pomp and circumstance granted to a foreign leader visiting the nation's capital, the taxpayer-funded ceremony treated Trump to a military band playing \"Hail to the Chief\" as deafening sounds from a 21-gun salute echoed across Joint Base Andrews, just outside Washington, DC. The manufactured nature of the festivities, ginned up to rival President Joe Biden's inauguration, seemed more fitting for an ousted autocrat heading into exile.\n Four years ago, Trump delivered his own inauguration speech, promising an end to what he called \"American Carnage.\" During his final remarks as president, however, Trump seemed incapable of his escaping his role in instigating the mob violence at the Capitol on January 6, a day that will forever stain his legacy.\n \"We were not a regular administration,\" Trump said, in a rare moment of honesty.\n Speaking without the aid of teleprompters, Trump sounded detached and despondent as he touted his perceived achievements, citing the creation of the Space Force as well as his success in placing three conservative justices on the US Supreme Court. Though he did not mention Biden's name once during the remarks.\n \"I wish the new administration great luck and great success,\" Trump said.\n \"Goodbye. We love you. We'll be back in some form,\" he continued, before adding, \"have a good life.\"\n The music typically played at Trump rallies blared over the loudspeakers, including one of the President's favorites, \"YMCA,\" by the Village People. Only this time, Trump did not bop along to the lyrics as he often does at his rallies, pumping his fists, to the delight of his supporters. Trump lumbered around the stage like a defeated prize fighter, scanning the venue for the exits.\n Obsessed with crowd sizes, Trump had hoped for a grand departure ceremony prior to this final presidential flight, teeming with throngs of adoring fans in MAGA hats, to cap off his last morning in power. The event allowed for invitees to bring up to five guests in an effort to produce a large turnout. But the small gathering of approximately 200 people in attendance on the frigid tarmac paled in comparison to Trump's caustic campaign rallies, lending a cold and melancholy mood to the setting.\n A few familiar Trump loyalists stood out in the crowd, including his final White House chief of staff Mark Meadows and speechwriter Stephen Miller. The 45th President's adult children applauded dutifully, including Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner. Miller gave a teary-eyed Ivanka a hug.\n After he finished speaking, Trump began to exit the stage, then turned around to shake hands with Meadows, the highest-ranking White House official other than the President attending the departure ceremony, as Vice President Mike Pence chose to honor the American tradition of participating in the transfer of power taking place back in Washington.\n In one final sign of the fractured relationship between Trump and Pence, the vice president also did not appear for the President's final departure on Marine One from the South Lawn of the White House.\n As he walked down a red carpet and past the color guard for a final time as commander in chief, the President and first lady steered clear of the reporters gathered under the wing of Air Force One.\n \"Do you have any remorse for the events of January 6?\" this reporter asked Trump. The President did not respond.\n Standing atop the staircase leading to the presidential cabin, the Trumps looked back at the scene, stone-faced, before giving a final wave to the cameras and making their way on board.\n The outgoing President boarded Air Force One at approximately 9 a.m. ET for his last flight as commander in chief along with a small contingent of White House officials and staffers who plan to work for Trump during his post-presidency. Flying during the hours prior to Biden's official swearing-in provided Trump with one last opportunity to enjoy the presidential aircraft and all of its trappings, without having to ask permission.\n During the flight to West Palm Beach, Trump declined to visit with members of the press, a continuation of the outgoing President's determination to evade questions about his role in the Capitol insurrection.\n Instead, a lone White House wrangler who will go on to work for the ex-president, Margo Martin, fought back tears as she thanked reporters and photographers for their work covering the administration.\n \"It's been an incredible ride, you guys,\" Martin said.\n Not since the resignation of Richard Nixon has a president left office under such disgraceful circumstances. Yet, due to his own actions, Trump may sink to the bottom of the list of presidents maintained by historians who measure the legacies of former commanders in chief.\n \"Donald Trump is the worst president America has ever had,\" presidential historian Tim Naftali wrote in The Atlantic this week.\n Trump's incitement of a violent mob of supporters who stormed the Capitol and threatened the lives of members of Congress had been roundly denounced as an attempt to spark insurrection against the US government. For weeks leading up to the January 6 siege, Trump pointed to bogus conspiracy theories to falsely claim he was cheated out of a second term, allegations that were never substantiated in federal court.\n Following the violence at the Capitol, GOP leaders sought to distance themselves from Trump as well as other Republican lawmakers who stoked the hostility brewing inside the president's political base.\n \"They were provoked by the President and other powerful people,\" Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said of the rioters.\n Trump's network of allies and associates has been rocked by the insurrection attempt at the Capitol. Several former administration officials and White House advisers said they declined to attend Trump's departure ceremony out of disgust with the outgoing president.\n \"Sending the mob was a red line,\" one adviser said.\n \"He has eviscerated his legacy,\" another former adviser said.\n A separate White House adviser predicted Trump's time in office will serve as a cautionary tale to future generations about presidential dishonesty.\n \"Don't end up like Trump because of your lies,\" the adviser said.\n The President who derided journalists as \"the enemy of the people\" and \"fake news\" had finally realized the costs of his pathological dishonesty.\n \"In the end, it all came crashing down because he could never tell the truth,\" the adviser said.\n Blasted by his critics as a dictator wannabe, Trump had always seen himself as more of a \"monarch,\" a longtime Trump adviser told me.\n After attempting to strongarm Pence into subverting the constitution during the official counting of the electoral votes on January 6, Trump will never see a throne installed at the White House. He will have to settle instead for the gold-plated surroundings of Mar-a-Lago, which will serve as Trump's initial post-presidential home.\n Martin told reporters that Trump doesn't have any set plans for his first few weeks out of office. Mostly golf, she said.\n \"He doesn't sit still very well,\" Martin said of Trump.\n Following Trump's arrival in Florida, reporters made one final attempt to shout questions on the tarmac, during the ex-president's final minutes in office.\n \"Any remorse for the events of January 6?\" this reporter asked again.\n There was no response.",
        "tags": [
            "carnage",
            "ceremony",
            "festivity",
            "chief",
            "village",
            "vice",
            "tycoon",
            "honesty",
            "self",
            "south",
            "beach",
            "tradition",
            "history",
            "role",
            "air",
            "taxpayer",
            "american",
            "kushner",
            "salute",
            "oval",
            "trumps",
            "dc",
            "palm",
            "marine",
            "margo",
            "successor",
            "pomp",
            "mike",
            "remark",
            "washington",
            "ymca",
            "jr.",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "meadows",
            "et",
            "inauguration",
            "circumstance",
            "speech",
            "violence",
            "pence",
            "president",
            "andrews",
            "autocrat",
            "exile",
            "joe",
            "space",
            "j.",
            "spectacle",
            "stephen",
            "legacy",
            "maga",
            "lawn",
            "trump",
            "capital",
            "ivanka",
            "first",
            "leader",
            "biden",
            "miller",
            "band",
            "jared",
            "martin",
            "administration",
            "hail",
            "mob",
            "west",
            "donald",
            "joint",
            "us",
            "court",
            "january",
            "departure",
            "executive"
        ]
    },
    "62": {
        "id": "1611472275.92329",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/world/animals-leadership-transfer-power-scn/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "How animals transfer power from one leader to another: Brute force, inheritance and consensus",
        "body_text": "Bees, chimps, clownfish and hyenas all live in groups with a leader or dominant individual. So do many other animals. How does power shift from one animal to another?\n The transfer of power is sometimes not that simple.\n As the United States inaugurates a new president on Wednesday, here's a look at the different ways the animal kingdom handles changes in leadership.\n For chimpanzees, our closest living relatives, a change in the alpha male can be a fairly brutal affair.\n \"So in human societies, especially liberal democracies, we have this idea of a leader that is looking beyond their own interest, somebody who is thinking about the interests of the group as a whole, and I think that leadership in many, maybe most, group-living animals isn't that,\" said Michael Wilson, an associate professor in the departments of anthropology and ecology, evolution and behavior at the University of Minnesota in Saint Paul.\n \"In chimpanzees, especially, it's more a matter of individuals bullying their way to the top of the hierarchy and getting what they want.\"\n Wilson worked in Gombe Stream National Park in Tanzania, where primatologist Jane Goodall had previously studied chimps. There he observed Frodo, a particularly fearsome and aggressive alpha male. Some males like Frodo, Wilson said, are able \"to maintain power by being big and mean, but it's usually the case in chimpanzee society that males need some political support from other males.\n \"That's something that Frodo's brother Freud did while he was in power -- he spent more time grooming other males and kind of building a coalition to keep himself in power.\"\n An alpha male is usually able to hold the position for three to five years. At that point, a younger male would likely make a challenge such as shaking the tree the alpha might be sleeping in and generally behaving aggressively. Sometimes, the challenge is violent; in rare cases, the alpha ends up dead.\n \"Male chimpanzees who have been defeated sometimes throw a tantrum. This kind of behavior is seen in adult males who have trouble accepting the situation. They go into depression or don't eat,\" said Frans de Waal, a professor emeritus at Emory University in Atlanta and author of the book \"Chimpanzee Politics.\"\n Most ultimately do accept the new alpha, however, including Frodo, who in his retirement appeared largely uninterested in social interaction and spent nearly all of his time searching for food.\n In some female-dominated animal groups, different behavior is at play.\n Should conflicts emerge, females use their unusual pseudo-penises -- enlarged genitalia -- to resolve fights during ritualized greeting ceremonies. The hyenas stand side by side sniffing each other, which reinforces social bonds before a potentially risky task.\n Meanwhile, in warm water reefs and lagoons, clownfish (think \"Nemo\") transfer power in a particularly unusual way. The female is the largest fish within a group. When she dies, the largest male in the group changes sex to become the new breeding female. This transition of power is built into their biological code and is irreversible.\n The vast majority of animals are ultimately able to engineer a peaceful switch, Smith said.\n \"Natural selection favors mechanisms that promote a peaceful transfer of power. These solutions vary widely across societies but favor those individuals best able to survive and reproduce. Nature is excellent at optimizing solutions and making processes such as this efficient. Basically, if animals get it wrong they could die and that solution is tossed out over evolutionary time.\"\n In insect societies, including many ants, bumblebees and wasps, when the queen dies the colony dies with her, said Francis Ratnieks, a professor at the Laboratory of Apiculture and Social Insects at the University of Sussex in Brighton, United Kingdom.\n \"There's no issue of replacing the queen. Bumblebees, they have a colony which lasts a summer and the colony and the queen will fizzle out at same time.\"\n Not all queens have such short reigns, he explained, with some queens of common ant species living up to 20 years in ideal conditions.\n Honeybees do replace their queens if they are getting old and running out of steam, he said. \"They typically just rear one queen. And this young queen will then mate and frequently she'll be laying eggs alongside the old queen so this is a very tranquil process of queen replacement.\"\n However, in some cases, such as when a honeybee colony splits into two, the process can be more fraught, he said.\n \"The mother queen, the old queen, goes away with the swarm of bees and they establish a new colony, leaving the colony with no queen.\"\n This leaves the old colony in a state of flux, with potential new queens still larvae and pupae.\n \"The first queen to become an adult, she may try to kill the other queens before they've reached adulthood. It's like the knives are out,\" Ratnieks said. \"And in some cases the workers try to stop the fighting.\"\n Often leadership and being the dominant female or male in a group are very different things, said Damien Farine, a professor in the department of evolutionary biology and environmental studies at the University of Zurich.\n \"Transfer of power is common in the context of leadership, but often rare in terms of dominance,\" said Farine, who also works at the Max Planck Institute of Animal Behavior in Germany.\n His team has studied the dynamics of vulturine guineafowl -- a distinctive large bird native to savannahs of East Africa. Working together as a group is critical for these birds, as their bright plumage makes them easy targets for predators.\n \"Where the group goes requires all individuals to reach consensus, and a large number of subordinates can easily over-ride the dominant's preference,\" Farine said via email.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "atlanta",
            "united",
            "laboratory",
            "primatologist",
            "insects",
            "hyena",
            "politics",
            "farine",
            "affair",
            "coalition",
            "society",
            "individual",
            "goodall",
            "handles",
            "gombe",
            "national",
            "alpha",
            "institute",
            "damien",
            "democracy",
            "frans",
            "paul",
            "genitalia",
            "brighton",
            "relative",
            "freud",
            "michael",
            "living",
            "bee",
            "clownfish",
            "stream",
            "smith",
            "wilson",
            "sussex",
            "tanzania",
            "frodo",
            "power",
            "behavior",
            "president",
            "planck",
            "evolutionary",
            "francis",
            "professor",
            "chimpanzee",
            "anthropology",
            "max",
            "waal",
            "saint",
            "chimp",
            "hierarchy",
            "animal",
            "whole",
            "jane",
            "leader",
            "university",
            "transfer",
            "interest",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "nemo",
            "kingdom",
            "leadership",
            "ecology",
            "minnesota",
            "ratnieks",
            "social",
            "zurich",
            "emory",
            "apiculture",
            "evolution"
        ]
    },
    "63": {
        "id": "1611472276.881825",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/kamala-harris-eugene-goodman-escort-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Kamala Harris was escorted to the ceremony by the Capitol Police officer who led rioters away from Senate",
        "body_text": "Eugene Goodman has been hailed as a hero ever since he lured rioters away from the Senate chambers during the January 6 insurrection on Capitol Hill.\n The Capitol Police officer's courageous actions were recognized again on Wednesday when he escorted Kamala Harris to the inauguration ceremony. He was there in his new role as acting deputy Senate sergeant at arms.\n Goodman became the face of resistance to the insurrection when shortly after the Capitol Hill attack, video showed him leading a mob of Trump supporters in the opposite direction of the Senate chambers. At the time, lawmakers were debating an objection to Arizona's Electoral College vote count.\n In footage captured by Huffington Post reporter Igor Bobic, Goodman is seen being chased up a Capitol staircase by the mob. When he reached a landing, he looked to his left, where he noticed the door to the Senate chambers was still unguarded. He led the rioters to the right, away from lawmakers and toward backup officers.\n The Senate chambers wouldn't be secured until one minute later, according to CNN's timeline of events from the riot. Once Goodman led the rioters into a larger hall, backup officers arrived, though they were still outnumbered by rioters.\n A bipartisan trio of lawmakers introduced legislation last week to award Goodman with a Congressional Gold Medal for potentially saving lives on one of the darkest days in US history.\n The medal is reserved for Americans who've made \"distinguished achievements and contributions\" to their country.CORRECTION: An earlier version of this piece got Goodman's role wrong. He is the acting deputy Senate sergeant at arms.\n CNN's Scottie Andrew contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "ceremony",
            "cnn",
            "staircase",
            "andrew",
            "lawmaker",
            "medal",
            "deputy",
            "role",
            "history",
            "resistance",
            "supporter",
            "reporter",
            "chamber",
            "timeline",
            "footage",
            "eugene",
            "action",
            "inauguration",
            "video",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "college",
            "electoral",
            "hero",
            "rioter",
            "arizona",
            "objection",
            "vote",
            "hill",
            "insurrection",
            "right",
            "bobic",
            "trio",
            "harris",
            "sergeant",
            "senate",
            "officer",
            "post",
            "attack",
            "left",
            "wednesday",
            "mob",
            "legislation",
            "scottie",
            "goodman",
            "gold",
            "january",
            "us",
            "landing",
            "huffington",
            "igor",
            "congressional",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "64": {
        "id": "1611472277.877239",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/economy/infrastructure-biden-stimulus/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "A big infrastructure spending bill might finally be in the cards",
        "body_text": "Joe Biden is now President and Democrats have gained a slim majority in the Senate along with the party's control of the House. Does that mean that this is finally the time for Congress to pass a big, bold infrastructure spending bill that can help boost the economy?\n There were high hopes in 2016 that either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump would focus on infrastructure.\n But after Trump defeated Clinton, not much happened on the infrastructure front \u2014 save for extending funding for the Obama-era Fixing America's Surface Transportation (FAST) Act for an additional year when it was set to expire in September 2020. The money for the program now runs out at the end of September.\n More will be needed, and some experts say it is politically doable even in a fractured environment.\n \"With the slim majority the Democrats have in the Senate, infrastructure spending is probably going to be one of the less controversial measures and could be implemented,\" said Gautam Khanna, senior portfolio manager with Insight Investment. \"A $1.5 trillion to $2 trillion package \u2014 somewhere in that zone \u2014 could get through.\"\n Of course, Biden and other political leaders are likely to prioritize more stimulus for consumers and businesses struggling due to the Covid-19 pandemic before tackling any new infrastructure initiatives.\n But economists and investing experts say that spending more to rebuild roads and bridges, as well as building out high-tech infrastructure such as 5G networks, could also help provide jobs to those who need them and give a lift to the broader economy.\n \"There should be some sort of bipartisan road here for an infrastructure bill. How long have we talked about the need to rebuild?\" said Hank Smith, head of investment strategy at Haverford Trust. \"A bipartisan agreement could be an easy, early win for Biden and a net positive for the economy.\"\n A new infrastructure bill could also boost the sales and earnings for a variety of leading US companies in the industrial and tech sectors.\n Companies that sell aggregates such as sand and gravel as well as makers of concrete and cement could benefit from any increased spending on transportation infrastructure.\n \"Where will infrastructure spending money go? Construction firms could benefit,\" said Kristoffer Inton, director of basic materials equity research for Morningstar.\"\n \"If you slice up a road, the amount of rocks going into it are numerous and they are not just the concrete and asphalt we can easily see,\" Inton added, saying that companies like Vulcan Materials (VMC), Martin Marietta (MLM), Summit Materials (SUM) and US Concrete (USCR) could see increased demand.\n President Biden and other Democrats are likely to push for increased spending on other types of infrastructure as well, including sources of renewable energy.\n \"It's not just going to be spending on roads. Equally as important for infrastructure is the climate agenda,\" said Josh Duitz, portfolio manager of the Aberdeen Standard Global Infrastructure Income Fund. \"When you look at older infrastructure versus new infrastructure, we need both.\"\n With that in mind, Duitz said his fund owns renewable energy companies such as NextEra (NEE)  and Atlantica Sustainable Infrastructure (AY) but does not own more traditional infrastructure investments such as construction equipment giants Caterpillar (CAT) and Deere (DE).\n Duitz thinks there are better investing opportunities with emerging industries and technologies. He said that increased investments in 5G wireless broadband networks will be critical as well in order to help bridge the digital divide in the country.\n That's why his fund owns cell tower owners American Tower (AMT) and Crown Castle (CCI) as well as fiber-optic construction firm Dycom (DY).\n \"Broadband needs to be part of a new infrastructure bill. It's an essential service, especially as more people work from home,\" Dultz said.\n Others agree that green energy and 5G will be a priority. Nick Langley, portfolio manager at ClearBridge Investments, said tower company SBA (SBAC) and utilities Clearway (CWEN) and Brookfield Renewable Partners (BEP) could also be a beneficiary of a Biden infrastructure plan.\n But he added that another old economy industry \u2014 railroads \u2014 could also thrive.\n Langley said that companies like Union Pacific (UNP), Norfolk Southern (NSC), CSX (CSX) and Kansas City Southern (KSU) could benefit as the industry goes more electric and becomes more competitive with the trucking sector as a greener option for the long haul transportation of goods.\n Still, there are questions about whether Congress will be willing to approve a big infrastructure package. There are concerns among some Republicans about the rising debt load. And the Democrats have a razor-thin majority in the Senate.\n \"The question with infrastructure is 'will you have broad-based support',\" Insight Investment's Khanna said. \"Politicians will need to show it benefits society and taxpayers at large and can improve the economy and make it more productive.\"\n But even if Biden and other Democrats are able to make that case, they will still need to convince enough Republicans to come on board and support a big spending package. That may not be easy.\n \"It's going to be complicated economically not to mention politically to get much more spending on infrastructure,\" said Bob Doll, senior portfolio manager and chief equity strategist at Nuveen.\n \"Are the probabilities of something passing higher today than four years ago? Yes. But it's not definite,\" Doll added. \"To varying degrees, people want an infrastructure bill. But what's in it, what the size of it is and how you pay for it could be very different.\"",
        "tags": [
            "congress",
            "josh",
            "morningstar",
            "aberdeen",
            "program",
            "manager",
            "measure",
            "network",
            "sum",
            "haverford",
            "global",
            "hillary",
            "kristoffer",
            "inton",
            "bill",
            "gautam",
            "concrete",
            "g",
            "insight",
            "duitz",
            "economy",
            "need",
            "infrastructure",
            "funding",
            "lift",
            "pandemic",
            "fast",
            "package",
            "clinton",
            "stimulus",
            "expert",
            "smith",
            "america",
            "transportation",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "materials",
            "era",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "marietta",
            "economist",
            "fixing",
            "spending",
            "standard",
            "zone",
            "mlm",
            "consumer",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "khanna",
            "leader",
            "strategy",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "majority",
            "covid-19",
            "martin",
            "uscr",
            "summit",
            "portfolio",
            "tech",
            "vulcan",
            "investment",
            "vmc",
            "sort",
            "surface",
            "environment",
            "initiative",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "hank",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "65": {
        "id": "1611472278.650604",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/mega-millions-jackpot-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Mega Millions jackpot rises to $970 million with no winners Tuesday",
        "body_text": "You didn't win Mega Millions' top prize on Tuesday. The upside is that the game's second-largest jackpot in history will be up for grabs on Friday.\n The Mega Millions jackpot is rising to an estimated $970 million for those who'd like their prize in an annual payment, or $716.3 million for a lump-sum option, after no one matched all the numbers in Tuesday's drawing.\n Tuesday's numbers were 10, 19, 26, 28 and 50, plus gold Mega Ball 16.\n Eleven tickets still matched five white balls to win at least $1 million. Two of those, both sold in Florida, won $2 million because they included an optional Megaplier purchase.\n If the top prize is won Friday, it would be the United States' third-largest lottery jackpot ever, behind a $1.586 billion Powerball prize in January 2016 and the current Mega Millions record of $1.537 billion from October 2018.\n This is the longest stretch without a Mega Millions jackpot winner, lottery officials say. The last jackpot win was $120 million on September 15 by a player in Wisconsin.\n Mega Millions can be played in every state except Alabama, Alaska, Nevada, Utah and Hawaii.\n Powerball's jackpot isn't tiny, either.\n Wednesday's Powerball drawing offers an estimated $730 million jackpot ($546 million cash option).\n If it is won, it would the fourth-largest Powerball jackpot in game history, and the sixth-largest in US lottery history, organizers say.\n Like Mega Millions, Powerball is on its longest streak of drawings without a jackpot winner. The last jackpot was won in New York on September 16.\n CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "organizer",
            "mega",
            "utah",
            "york",
            "wisconsin",
            "nevada",
            "payment",
            "sum",
            "stretch",
            "history",
            "megaplier",
            "october",
            "cash",
            "ticket",
            "grab",
            "winner",
            "millions",
            "tuesday",
            "lump",
            "lottery",
            "joe",
            "purchase",
            "alabama",
            "upside",
            "state",
            "player",
            "jackpot",
            "official",
            "friday",
            "drawing",
            "sutton",
            "option",
            "hawaii",
            "wednesday",
            "powerball",
            "gold",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "streak",
            "florida",
            "alaska",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "66": {
        "id": "1611472279.400296",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/investing/dow-stock-market-trump-presidency/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump leaves office with a good \u2014 but not historically great \u2014 stock market record",
        "body_text": "The stock market has been one of President Donald Trump's favorite metrics for how the nation is doing. The awkward part: The market hasn't performed as well under his administration as it has under prior presidents.\n Between Trump's inauguration in 2017 and Tuesday, his last full day in office, the S&P 500 (SPX), the broadest measure of the US stock market, climbed 67%.\n That's a big jump considering it included the pandemic selloff last March when the market was gripped by panic and the S&P logged its worst day in decades.\n Trump often proclaimed market records on Twitter (TWTR), seeing them as the achievement of his administration.\n \"Now the stock market is actually substantially higher than it was at its higher point prior to the pandemic,\" Trump said in his departure speech Wednesday.\n He's correct  that stocks are currently trading in record territory, and therefore at a higher level than before the pandemic. However, the market's performance over the course of his term was no record.\n Under President Barack Obama, the S&P 500 rose 85% during his first term, having hit rock bottom in March 2009 during the financial crisis. During President Bill Clinton's first term, the index climbed 79%.\n Stocks initially rallied when Trump was elected, as Corporate America focused on his pro-business agenda that included tax cuts, deregulation and promises of infrastructure spending.\n The economy was strong, too, helping fuel the market boom.\n But then came the trends that were negative for stocks: geopolitical worries, including rising tensions with North Korea, and the trade war with China. The latter dominated strategists' view of the US equities in the middle of Trump's term. But it wasn't until the pandemic hit that the longest bull market in history officially came to an end.\n Under Joe Biden, who was sworn in as President on Wednesday, the stock market should take a less prominent spot on the White House's list of priorities.\n \"The idea that the stock market is booming is his only measure of what's happening,\" Biden said of Trump in the final presidential debate in October. \"Where I come from in Scranton and Claymont, the people don't live off of the stock market.\"\n Analysts expect more gains for stocks this year as the economy recovers from the pandemic downturn. Cyclical, consumer-driven businesses typically perform well during a recovery, and the promise of a big infrastructure plan could boost construction and manufacturing stocks.\n On Wednesday, Biden's first day in office, all three major US stock indexes ended the day at all-time highs.\n Biden has never made any promises about how well the stock market would do during his term, and that's not likely to change now that he's been sworn in. But one way or another, he's off to a good start.\n --CNN's Matt Egan and Annalyn Kurtz contributed to this story.",
        "tags": [
            "panic",
            "spx",
            "level",
            "twitter",
            "measure",
            "decade",
            "term",
            "bill",
            "march",
            "agenda",
            "deregulation",
            "october",
            "economy",
            "crisis",
            "infrastructure",
            "pandemic",
            "territory",
            "clinton",
            "inauguration",
            "speech",
            "index",
            "america",
            "tuesday",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "china",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "claymont",
            "war",
            "spending",
            "s&p",
            "tension",
            "kurtz",
            "trump",
            "boom",
            "stock",
            "biden",
            "metric",
            "performance",
            "tax",
            "trend",
            "trade",
            "achievement",
            "twtr",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "annalyn",
            "selloff",
            "korea",
            "egan",
            "corporate",
            "donald",
            "departure",
            "us",
            "matt",
            "scranton"
        ]
    },
    "67": {
        "id": "1611472279.954318",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/utah-man-accused-impersonating-officer-doughnut-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Utah man faces charges after authorities say he impersonated an officer and stole a doughnut ",
        "body_text": "Daniel Mark Wright, 47, is facing charges after Utah authorities accused him of impersonating an officer, possessing a stolen vehicle and stealing a doughnut.\n A 7-Eleven employee approached a police officer Sunday, saying a suspicious person entered his store earlier that day wearing a sheriff's deputy jacket, but he didn't seem to be an officer, according to a probable cause statement from the Utah County Sheriff's Office.\n The store manager said the man, later identified as Wright, stole a doughnut from the store, the probable cause statement says.\n After the employee gave police a description of the white truck the man left the store in, police found the vehicle parked in a nearby motel.\n The truck was listed as stolen, the probable cause statement said. An officer looked at surveillance video from the 7-Eleven store, which the probable cause statement said also showed a woman in the vehicle. Both Wright and 40-year-old Christian Rose Olsen are facing charges of possessing a stolen vehicle, a second-degree felony.\n The same footage from the store showed Wright wearing a Salt Lake County Sheriff's deputy jacket with sheriff shoulder patches and an embroidered badge, the document says.\n Police found the jacket hanging in Wright's motel room nearby, the document says. He admitted he had been at the 7-Eleven store but did not answer questions about the stolen vehicle, according to the statement.\n Olsen told police someone else had given them the vehicle several days earlier and she did not know it was stolen, according to a second probable cause statement.\n But investigators allege Wright, Olsen and the person who gave them the vehicle are \"involved in extensive criminal activity regarding vehicle burglary and vehicle theft among other things,\" the statement says.\n Wright told police he paid for the doughnut, but the store manager disputes the claim, the Wright probable cause document says, adding a receipt found at Wright's room did not show a doughnut purchase.\n \"Due to prior theft convictions, this theft charge would be a 3rd degree Felony,\" the document says.\n Both Wright and Olsen are being held without bail at the Utah County Jail, and neither has an attorney listed.\n Police have not recovered the doughnut.",
        "tags": [
            "sheriff",
            "degree",
            "olsen",
            "truck",
            "manager",
            "utah",
            "lake",
            "statement",
            "sunday",
            "deputy",
            "motel",
            "felony",
            "footage",
            "badge",
            "investigator",
            "county",
            "vehicle",
            "description",
            "video",
            "surveillance",
            "rose",
            "patch",
            "claim",
            "cause",
            "purchase",
            "document",
            "theft",
            "authority",
            "christian",
            "officer",
            "salt",
            "daniel",
            "wright",
            "jacket",
            "Police",
            "charge",
            "doughnut",
            "jail",
            "receipt",
            "burglary",
            "employee"
        ]
    },
    "68": {
        "id": "1611472281.219158",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/important-line-biden-speech/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The most important line in Joe Biden's inaugural address",
        "body_text": "About halfway through his inauguration speech, President Joe Biden said something very important about the work of Washington -- and how he envisions his presidency.\n \"Politics doesn't have to be a raging fire destroying everything in its path,\" Biden insisted. \"Every disagreement doesn't have to be a cause for total war.\"\n If you blinked, you might have missed it. But that line -- and the sentiment behind it -- functions not only as a rejection of the political worldview of his predecessor in office but also as the core belief that underpins Biden's entire theory of the presidential case.\n Now, Biden didn't mention Donald Trump, either in that moment or at any other time in his inaugural address.\n But he didn't need to. Because everyone remembers the way that the now ex-president of the United States talked about those -- Democrats and Republicans -- who disagreed with him.\n \"It was a disgraceful situation brought about by people that are evil,\" Trump said of the politicians who opposed the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.\n Following his impeachment (and acquittal) in 2019 over charges he behaved inappropriately toward Ukraine, Trump denounced the \"evil\" and \"crooked\" politicians who had allegedly persecuted him.\n In accepting the Republican nomination at the party's national convention in August, Trump warned: \"This election will decide whether we SAVE the American Dream, or whether we allow a socialist agenda to DEMOLISH our cherished destiny.\"\n And when he addressed a mob of his supporters on January 6, Trump told them: \"We fight. We fight like hell. And if you don't fight like hell, you're not going to have a country anymore.\"\n Trump spoke in those apocalyptic terms because, well, it worked for him. It made his base wild. And he never had any real concern about what his words meant -- or what they might occasion. Like, say, the storming of the US Capitol to back up his ridiculous claims of a stolen election.\n It wasn't just Trump, however. Not only has he spawned an entire wing of the Republican Party (Sen. Tommy Tuberville, Reps. Marjorie Taylor Greene and Lauren Boebert, among many others) whose only salient political position appears to be trolling Democrats and the media, but he also used that Manichean view of politics to tide roughshod over everyone else in the GOP, too. Because Republican elected officials lived in fear of a Trump tweet calling them out for some apostasy or other, they found themselves lining up behind his weaponizing of partisanship for pure political gain.\n Trump was, to borrow Biden's line, the \"raging fire destroying everything in its path.\" And his fellow Republicans, rather than trying to put that fire out, decided to either stand aside or throw on some lighter fluid of their own -- because that was the easier path to take, politically speaking.\n Biden's reminder that politics doesn't have to be an all-out war between two sides set only on destroying the other then functions as a rejection of the Trump worldview.\n But it's more than that too. It's a hope in the unseen. That adages like \"reasonable people can disagree\" and \"you can disagree without being disagreeable\" aren't punchlines to be met with guffaws and eyerolls by the political professional class. That unity is actually more than a word, it's a real possibility.\n \"I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy these days,\" Biden said at one point, a tacit acknowledgment that lots and lots of people -- Democrats and Republicans -- are deeply skeptical that his vision for a coming-together of the country and an end to the \"raging fire\" approach to politics are anything more than a quaint pipe dream.\n And yet, time and time again, Biden returned to that theme of unity -- and his belief that we are better than these last four years would suggest.\n \"This is our historic moment of crisis and challenge. And unity is the path forward,\" said Biden. \"We must meet this moment as the United States of America.\"\n It's a noble idea, to be sure. And there's no question that a significant chunk of the country is ready for a different kind of politics in the wake of four years of unending partisanship by a president who seemed only to consider his base when making decisions for the country.\n Biden's speech on Wednesday is rightly understood as a metaphorical reaching of his hand across the partisan aisle. (\"In the work ahead, we are going to need each other,\" he said near the end of the address.) The real question is whether anyone on the Republican side will reach their hand out to meet his.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "politician",
            "theory",
            "politics",
            "sen.",
            "presidency",
            "demolish",
            "sentiment",
            "predecessor",
            "convention",
            "rejection",
            "disagreement",
            "marjorie",
            "election",
            "kavanaugh",
            "lauren",
            "confirmation",
            "american",
            "agenda",
            "taylor",
            "republicans",
            "ukraine",
            "line",
            "destiny",
            "situation",
            "washington",
            "greene",
            "inauguration",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "speech",
            "impeachment",
            "worldview",
            "president",
            "tommy",
            "tuberville",
            "boebert",
            "address",
            "reps",
            "cause",
            "joe",
            "brett",
            "war",
            "acquittal",
            "hell",
            "nomination",
            "republican",
            "trump",
            "ex",
            "core",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "wednesday",
            "august",
            "gop",
            "apostasy",
            "charge",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "court",
            "belief",
            "function"
        ]
    },
    "69": {
        "id": "1611472282.8413818",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/media/inaugural-address-biden-information/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden addresses nation's information crisis: We must 'defeat the lies'",
        "body_text": "In a sharp break with his predecessor, President Joe Biden vowed during his inaugural address Wednesday to tackle the information crisis plaguing American politics and society.\n \"We must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated and even manufactured,\" Biden said shortly after taking the oath as the 46th President.\n \"There is truth,\" Biden added, \"and there are lies.\"\n Biden pointed out that some lies are told \"for power\" and other lies are told \"for profit.\"\n It was a not-so-subtle nod at the fact that while politicians wield lies to further their influence, companies like the right-wing cable channel Fox News have used lies and conspiracy theories to line the pockets of their owners.\n \"Each of us has a duty and a responsibility as citizens, as Americans, and especially as leaders \u2014 leaders who have pledged to honor our constitution and protect our nation \u2014 to defend the truth and defeat the lies,\" Biden said.\n After Biden was elected President in November, many Republican politicians, right-wing media figures, and right-wing media outlets propagated lies about the results, falsely telling or suggesting to their audiences that former President Donald Trump had in fact won.\n Those lies culminated in Trump's followers storming the Capitol building on January 6 \u2014  a deadly incident of domestic terrorism that forced Congress to temporarily pause the certification of the Electoral College vote count taking place that day.\n The episode was emblematic of a larger information crisis that has dominated nearly every aspect of American life. Trump loomed large over the problem, often spreading misinformation and lies about the deadly coronavirus and the election while his allies in the GOP and the media gave him cover.\n In fact, Trump waged an assault on truth unlike anything seen in modern American politics during his four years in office. With his help, lies and conspiracy theories flourished like no other time in modern memory.\n Outlets such as Fox News have enabled propagandists, while hyper-partisan websites, radio hosts, and internet personalities have promoted disinformation to enrich and empower themselves.\n These outlets and figures have used technology platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to amplify and spread their messages that mislead the public.\n Biden is not the first prominent national figure to address the information crisis. Former President Barack Obama lamented in October about the fact that wild conspiracy theories such as QAnon have found safe haven in the Republican Party while companies such as Fox News have corrupted the public conversation.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "congress",
            "politician",
            "theory",
            "qanon",
            "information",
            "twitter",
            "society",
            "predecessor",
            "oath",
            "influence",
            "constitution",
            "figure",
            "channel",
            "october",
            "citizen",
            "outlet",
            "crisis",
            "wing",
            "youtube",
            "nod",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "responsibility",
            "politic",
            "college",
            "electoral",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "owner",
            "address",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "company",
            "republican",
            "trump",
            "medium",
            "leader",
            "pocket",
            "november",
            "biden",
            "facebook",
            "truth",
            "conspiracy",
            "wednesday",
            "culture",
            "profit",
            "gop",
            "fox",
            "cable",
            "donald",
            "january"
        ]
    },
    "70": {
        "id": "1611472284.070548",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/biden-potus-twitter-account/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden becomes @POTUS: How the social media transition of power unfolded",
        "body_text": "As Joe Biden was sworn in as the president of the United States, another transition of power took place on social media.\n On Wednesday, Biden and his team gained access to a long list of official government accounts across the major social media platforms, including the @POTUS account on Twitter. With the tap of a button, the Biden administration inherited a digital megaphone with the potential to make news and shape the public image of the US government.\n The transfer of these official accounts, which include not just those representing Biden and the White House but nearly every arm of government, has emerged as an important aspect of the broader transition of power, especially after Twitter became the favored online platform of former President Donald Trump.\n \"It certainly has a big symbolic value,\" said David Lazer, a political science and computer sciences professor at Northeastern University. \"The centrality of Twitter to Trump's brand and identity has made the moment a lot more significant.\"\n Trump used his personal Twitter account, @realdonaldtrump, to make major policy announcements, fire staffers, attack critics and spread misinformation. His account was permanently suspended earlier this month following the deadly insurrection at the Capitol.\n In addition to the @POTUS account, which was created during the Obama administration, Twitter transferred @WhiteHouse, @VP, @FLOTUS, and @PressSec to the new administration. Twitter also created a new account, @SecondGentleman, for Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris' husband Doug Emhoff.\n It marks only the second such transition between US presidential administrations for Twitter, which launched in 2006. But unlike the transition four years ago, the Biden administration didn't inherit the tens of millions of followers on each account. Instead, people on Twitter who previously followed official White House Twitter accounts or who currently follow \"relevant\" Biden or Harris Twitter accounts, are receiving in-app alerts and other notifications about the archival process and the option to follow the new accounts, the company said in a blog post.\n The decision prompted criticism from the Biden camp, which said it \"unnecessarily politicizes what otherwise should be a routine transfer of communication from one administration to the next.\" As of Tuesday night, the @POTUS account had about 33 million followers, while the @FLOTUS and @VP accounts had 16 million and 10 million, respectively.\n Twitter's approach stands in contrast to other social networks such as Snapchat and YouTube, which said the Biden administration would keep the current followers on the respective White House accounts.\n Facebook and its subsidiary Instagram transferred accounts on both platforms, such as the POTUS and FLOTUS Facebook pages and the White House Instagram account, to Biden's team. These platforms also duplicated the followers on Joe Biden's Facebook page and Instagram account to the official POTUS page and account.\n While the Biden team may not inherit all of the Twitter followers, it won't be starting totally from scratch. Biden's @Transition46 account on Twitter became @WhiteHouse, the @PresElectBiden became @POTUS, @SenKamalaHarris became @VP, @FLOTUSBiden became @FLOTUS, and @PressSecPsaki became @PressSec.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "button",
            "united",
            "@potus",
            "@flotusbiden",
            "vice",
            "announcement",
            "twitter",
            "megaphone",
            "@flotus",
            "instagram",
            "northeastern",
            "addition",
            "platform",
            "misinformation",
            "@preselectbiden",
            "lot",
            "@vp",
            "youtube",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "tuesday",
            "account",
            "president",
            "science",
            "potus",
            "elect",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "aspect",
            "professor",
            "emhoff",
            "flotus",
            "insurrection",
            "@whitehouse",
            "image",
            "harris",
            "identity",
            "policy",
            "lazer",
            "trump",
            "david",
            "university",
            "@senkamalaharris",
            "medium",
            "government",
            "biden",
            "tap",
            "facebook",
            "transfer",
            "centrality",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "staffer",
            "critic",
            "transition",
            "potential",
            "value",
            "donald",
            "doug",
            "us",
            "brand",
            "snapchat",
            "access",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "71": {
        "id": "1611472284.933595",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/economy/biden-economy/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "4 ways Joe Biden plans to fix the economy",
        "body_text": "Joe Biden will be sworn in as president at noon Wednesday. During his campaign, he made sweeping promises to restore the economy and speed up the recovery from the pandemic.\n Here are some of the policies he plans to institute to get Americans back to work, boost the number of jobs, increase racial equity and raise taxes, with an aim of reopening the economy.\n Biden's plan for Day One, as detailed on on his campaign website, aims at getting the Covid-19 crisis under control. It calls for doubling the number of drive-thru testing sites around the nation, investing in at-home tests and hiring at least 100,000 Americans to perform contact-tracing. He also wants to invest $25 billion into vaccine manufacturing and distribution, with the goal of getting a vaccine to every American at no cost.\n Biden said he won't raise taxes on people earning less than $400,000 a year. But he plans to raise revenue in the following ways:\n Raise the top income tax rate to 39.6%, where it was during President Barack Obama's administration, from the current 37%Raise the corporate tax rate to 28% from 21%Require American companies to pay a minimum tax of 21% on foreign incomeInstitute a tax penalty on companies that move jobs overseas but continue to sell products back to AmericaRequire a 15% tax on book income for companiesAnyone making over $1 million per year would be taxed at the same rate for investment income as they are on their wages\n Biden also said he wants to expand the child tax credit to help working families during the pandemic to give parents $3,000 per year for each child between the ages of 6 to 17, and $3,600 per child under age 6. He plans to expand access to refundable health premium tax credits, up to $8,000 annually in tax credits to help pay for child care.\n A study from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania projects Biden's tax plan would raise revenue by $2.3 to $2.6 trillion over the next 10 years with little impact on GDP.\n The federal minimum wage, which is currently $7.25, would be raised to at least $15 an hour.\n As part of his jobs plan, Biden also wants to invest $70 billion in historically Black colleges and universities and Tribal schools, a move that includes a host of initiatives including scholarships and new facilities.\n Another priority in Biden's plans is promoting racial equity. He's said he will fund state and local investment initiatives for Black and Brown entrepreneurs, as well as provide up of $100 billion in low-interest business loans to Black and Brown communities through state and local lending programs.\n Those who attended historically Black colleges or minority-serving institutions and earn up to $125,000 should have all debt forgiven, according to Biden, and the schools would be made tuition-free for students whose families' incomes are below $125,000.\n He also wants to expand worker protection rights and make it easier for workers to join unions without employers forcing them into mandatory meetings or impeding negotiations.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "thru",
            "gdp",
            "site",
            "incomeinstitute",
            "testing",
            "american",
            "school",
            "pennsylvania",
            "crisis",
            "website",
            "pandemic",
            "contact",
            "income",
            "goal",
            "taxis",
            "penalty",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "noon",
            "campaign",
            "tracing",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "company",
            "equity",
            "policy",
            "university",
            "rate",
            "biden",
            "tax",
            "wharton",
            "covid-19",
            "recovery",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "aim",
            "manufacturing",
            "americarequire",
            "plan",
            "economy",
            "tribal",
            "vaccine",
            "distribution",
            "revenue"
        ]
    },
    "72": {
        "id": "1611472285.380028",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/entertainment/cole-sprouse-suite-life-reboot-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Cole Sprouse not interested in a 'Suite Life of Zack and Cody' reboot",
        "body_text": "Sorry fans of \"The Suite Life of Zack and Cody,\" but Cole Sprouse has moved on.\n The \"Riverdale\" star appeared on \"The Drew Barrymore Show\" Tuesday and shared his thoughts on reboots in light of the \"Sex and the City\" news.\n \"Reboots are a tricky thing, you know?\" he said. \"The original shows, when they become successful, sit in this little golden plate of nostalgia and when you modernize it and go back to it, it has the potential to really disenfranchise the original fan base. So it's a very, very touchy thing.\"\n \"I'm asked all the time if Dylan (his twin brother and co-star on 'The Suite Life') and I are going to do a 'Suite Life' reboot, and I go, 'No, absolutely not,'\" Sprouse said.\n \"Well then I'll skip the next question,\" Barrymore said.",
        "tags": [
            "tuesday",
            "co",
            "riverdale",
            "zack",
            "cole",
            "potential",
            "cody",
            "dylan",
            "thought",
            "suite",
            "nostalgia",
            "fan",
            "reboot",
            "drew",
            "sprouse",
            "sex",
            "barrymore"
        ]
    },
    "73": {
        "id": "1611472286.3882802",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/world/biden-speech-foreign-policy-analysis-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden pledges America will 'engage with the world once again'",
        "body_text": "US President Joe Biden will rightly spend his first days in office addressing the myriad domestic crises that he has inherited from his predecessor, Donald Trump. However, the transfer of power in the most powerful elected office in the world usually means a change in foreign policy, too.\n And if President Biden's inaugural address is anything to go by, the global focus for the next four years will chiefly be to restore the world's trust in America after the chaotic foreign policy of the one-term Trump administration.\n In his address, Biden spoke of a moment of \"renewal and resolve,\" and described his victory as \"the triumph of a cause, the cause of democracy.\" But what will the 46th American president do to heal democracy around the world that Trump seemingly went out of his way to undermine and wound?\n Throughout his address, Biden repeated the importance of restoring unity and the sanctity of democracy across America. He spoke, as many presidents have before him, of America being a beacon for the world.\n It's no secret that under Trump, America's role as the shining city on the hill had been severely undermined. Whether it was using the office to tell trivial lies, naked attempts to suppress postal votes, promoting conspiracy theories about the legitimacy of the US election or cozying up to dictators and regimes that trampled on their own populations, Trump trashed America's credibility on the world stage.\n Biden's speech didn't make any major foreign policy announcements, but he tried to assure those watching around the world that his America will be a more reliable and stable global partner.\n His direct \"message to those beyond our borders\" was that America had been tested, but that it \"will repair our alliances and engage with the world once again\" as a \"trusted partner for peace and security.\"\n This suggests a return to the pre-Trump era of America leading the Western order, underpinning NATO and restoring a multilateral approach to foreign policy. He has already announced that he will re-join the Paris climate accord and it is very likely he will try and open talks with the partners who signed the Iran nuclear deal under Barack Obama.\n However, reversing some of Trump's more hostile global actions might be less simple than issuing a few executive orders.\n It was only last week that Trump ignited a series of diplomatic wildfires for Biden to put out.\n He poked China in the eye by by lifting restrictions on contacts between American officials and representatives from Taiwan; designated Houthi rebels in Yemen as a foreign terrorist organization; and named Cuba a state sponsor of terrorism. And on his final full day in office, his administration accused China of committing genocide against Uyghur Muslims and ethnic and religious minority groups who live in the northwestern region of Xinjiang.\n Whatever the various merits of these policies, they have inflamed relations that a new American president will inherit, and it will take more than calm words to settle them.\n Biden's first act as President was plea for calm and unity in America. It was the right message for his domestic audience. However, America's allies and enemies are well aware that the new President has a mountainous in-tray, and while he has promised to rejoin the World Health Organization and the Paris accord, what US leadership in a changed global landscape will look like is still very much unclear.\n The longer Biden takes to claim his place as the leader of the free world, the more those who enjoyed Trump's lack of interest in foreign affairs will seek to exploit the void left by America as it took a backseat on the world stage.",
        "tags": [
            "muslims",
            "theory",
            "cuba",
            "xinjiang",
            "triumph",
            "houthi",
            "predecessor",
            "beacon",
            "election",
            "term",
            "focus",
            "role",
            "sanctity",
            "democracy",
            "dictator",
            "crisis",
            "legitimacy",
            "nato",
            "power",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "vote",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "resolve",
            "address",
            "hill",
            "china",
            "uyghur",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "cause",
            "importance",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "transfer",
            "biden",
            "attempt",
            "conspiracy",
            "paris",
            "administration",
            "secret",
            "victory",
            "yemen",
            "renewal",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "iran",
            "taiwan"
        ]
    },
    "74": {
        "id": "1611472289.324069",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/five-things-january-20-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "5 things to know for January 20: Inauguration, Covid, pardons, China, soldier arrest",
        "body_text": "It's Inauguration Day in America, and CNN will have live coverage all day, so you can tune in (or stream online without a cable log-in), get the kids involved and watch a little history being made.\n (You can also get \"5 Things You Need to Know Today\" delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up here.)\n Today, Joe Biden will become the 46th President of the United States. The day will look a lot different than inaugurations past. The National Mall has been shut down for safety, most celebrations will be virtual and the outgoing President and first lady will be nowhere in sight. Here's what to expect: President and Melania Trump are expected to leave the White House this morning. Biden will take the oath of office during the swearing-in ceremony at the US Capitol just before noon ET. Biden and his wife and Kamala Harris and her husband will then participate in a pass in review with members of the military, signaling the peaceful transfer of power to a new commander-in-chief. Biden also plans to take a bunch of executive actions, including rejoining the Paris climate accord, ending Trump's travel ban for predominantly Muslim countries and imposing a mask mandate on federal property. He'll also unveil a sweeping immigration plan to send to Congress.\n More than 400,000 people in the US have now died of Covid-19. That's more than the number of Americans who died in World War I, the Vietnam War and the Korean War combined and nearly as many Americans as died in World War II. The death tolls in other countries are barely comparable. US officials say they need more vaccine doses to do what they can to slow down the deaths and illnesses, especially with new variants complicating the situation. Sixty countries have now reported imported cases or community transmission of the UK coronavirus strain. Limited vaccine supply isn't just a big headache in the US, either. Pfizer told Canada it would not receive any vaccine doses next week because of manufacturing disruptions, leading to frustration and anger among officials there.\n As expected, President Trump took sweeping clemency action during his final hours in office, issuing 73 pardons and 70 commutations. The vast majority of the people on Trump's clemency list are people whose cases have been championed by criminal justice reform advocates, including those serving lengthy sentences for low-level offenses. But also, there's Steve Bannon, Trump's former strategist and political hype man who's pleaded not guilty to defrauding donors through a border wall fundraising campaign. Several other donors and allies got pardons or commutations, as did rappers Lil Wayne and Kodak Black. Not among those granted presidential mercy? The President himself or any of his family members. Trump still has until noon ET to make those happen if he wants, though questions linger over whether Trump, who is about to face an impeachment trial, is even allowed to pardon himself.\n The US State Department has officially accused China of committing genocide and crimes against humanity against Uyghur Muslims and ethnic and religious minority groups who live in the country's northwestern region of Xinjiang. Up to 2 million Uyghurs and members of other Muslim minority groups have been detained in a sprawling network of internment camps in the region, the State Department estimates. China has denied such human rights abuses, saying the so-called \"reeducation camps\" are necessary to prevent religious extremism and terrorism. Although the US declaration won't trigger any immediate penalties for China, human rights advocates say it will have a powerful symbolic impact, since the word \"genocide\" isn't taken lightly.\n A US Army soldier has been arrested on terrorism charges after he allegedly tried to assist ISIS' efforts to plan attacks on targets in New York City and on US soldiers in the Middle East. Prosecutors allege 20-year-old private Cole Bridges, of Ohio, communicated with an FBI employee posing as an ISIS supporter who claimed to have contact with ISIS fighters. Bridges allegedly gave training and guidance to these purported fighters, including handing over portions of a US Army training manual and diagramming specific military maneuvers. Bridges also allegedly gave advice about possible targets in New York, such as the 9/11 Memorial. He's due in court tomorrow, and CNN is trying to reach his attorney.\n We are truly living through history, in ways big and small.\n Crying is not recommended.\n Sarah Thomas was also the first woman to become a permanent NFL official and the first woman to officiate a college football bowl game. So, yeah, she's a big deal.\n We were promised flying cars in the future, but more self-driving ones will do.\n We hate to be the ones to break it to you, but there's still a LOT of 2021 left.\n Netflix just crossed the threshold of 200 million subscribers, beating its own expectations for growth after adding 8.5 million subscribers in the final quarter of 2020.\n \"It's hard to overstate the global soft power impact of America's cultural diversity.\"\n Contemplative, challenging, downright frustrating -- mazes can be a lot of things. But when you're the so-called \"master maze maker,\" they're always a work of art. (Click here to view.)",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "uk",
            "wayne",
            "muslims",
            "pfizer",
            "ceremony",
            "kodak",
            "mall",
            "steve",
            "xinjiang",
            "chief",
            "melania",
            "york",
            "mask",
            "oath",
            "lil",
            "isis",
            "history",
            "mandate",
            "national",
            "commander",
            "log",
            "kid",
            "lot",
            "vietnam",
            "ii",
            "action",
            "et",
            "inauguration",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "bannon",
            "ban",
            "celebration",
            "president",
            "safety",
            "climate",
            "noon",
            "china",
            "uyghur",
            "joe",
            "war",
            "state",
            "uyghurs",
            "coverage",
            "harris",
            "army",
            "trump",
            "transfer",
            "review",
            "biden",
            "wife",
            "accord",
            "covid-19",
            "department",
            "paris",
            "korean",
            "in",
            "i",
            "canada",
            "bunch",
            "cable",
            "sight",
            "us",
            "new",
            "property",
            "husband",
            "military",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "75": {
        "id": "1611472291.052342",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/media/shep-smith-fox-amanpour/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Shep Smith breaks his silence about why he left Fox News",
        "body_text": "Shep Smith, who left Fox News in October 2019 while in the middle of a three-year contract, has remained largely silent about his departure -- until an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour that aired Tuesday.\n Smith, now host of the nightly show \"The News with Shepard Smith\" at 7 pm ET on CNBC, told Amanpour that his presence on Fox became untenable as opinion shows on the network spread falsehoods that hosts knew were lies.\n \"Opine all you like, but if you're going to opine, begin with the truth and opine from there,\" Smith said. \"When people begin with a false premise and lead people astray, that's injurious to society and it's the antithesis of what we should be doing: Those of us who are so honored and grateful to have a platform of public influence have to use it for the public good.\"\n Smith, who joined Fox News at its inception in 1996, said he was proud of the work he did at the network, hosting a daytime news show that was increasingly at odds with what was being aired on Fox's opinion shows. Smith felt that by sticking with Fox News, he could counteract falsehoods spread by Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingraham and other prime-time hosts.\n \"I thought it was important that I stay there,\" he said. \"If you feel like the Fox viewers were getting mis- or disinformation, I was there to make sure that they got it straight,\" he said.\n Smith thought depriving viewers of news and replacing it with opinions \"felt a little selfish,\" he added.\n But in the end, staying felt impossible, CNN Chief Media Correspondent Brian Stelter reported shortly after Smith's departure. The breaking point for Smith came as tensions with the opinion shows were getting to be too much.\n For example, in late September 2019, 8 pm ET host Tucker Carlson mocked Smith for standing up for his friend and colleague Judge Andrew Napolitano after the judge was called a \"fool\" by one of Carlson's guests. The network's lack of a vocal defense for Smith following the incident bothered him and the whole episode factored into his decision to leave, according to a person familiar with the matter.\n Executives at the network leaned on him to stay, but they were unsuccessful. Smith announced his departure on air, then exited the building immediately.\n \"I stuck with it for as long as I could,\" Smith said. \"At some point, I realized I've reached a point of diminishing returns, and I left.\"\n Smith told Amanpour that he continues to be disturbed by what is reported on Fox.\n \"I don't know how some people sleep at night,\" Smith said of the Fox News employees who knowingly spread falsehoods. \"I know that there are a lot of people who have propagated the lies and who have pushed them forward over and over again who are smart enough and educated enough to know better.\"",
        "tags": [
            "media",
            "colleague",
            "defense",
            "cnn",
            "chief",
            "sean",
            "judge",
            "opinion",
            "pm",
            "andrew",
            "network",
            "society",
            "inception",
            "lack",
            "viewer",
            "influence",
            "platform",
            "correspondent",
            "contract",
            "mis-",
            "amanpour",
            "october",
            "ingraham",
            "falsehood",
            "shepard",
            "shep",
            "christiane",
            "et",
            "cnbc",
            "smith",
            "antithesis",
            "stelter",
            "presence",
            "tuesday",
            "laura",
            "the",
            "carlson",
            "episode",
            "odd",
            "interview",
            "napolitano",
            "premise",
            "tension",
            "brian",
            "incident",
            "opine",
            "truth",
            "host",
            "hannity",
            "tucker",
            "fox",
            "departure",
            "disinformation",
            "fool",
            "guest",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "76": {
        "id": "1611472291.694169",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/paris-climate-biden/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Paris climate accord: Biden announces US will rejoin landmark agreement",
        "body_text": "Hours after he was sworn in, President Joe Biden announced the US plans to reenter the Paris climate accord, the landmark international agreement signed in 2015 to limit global warming, in a sign of Biden's urgency to address the climate crisis.\n The US abandoned the agreement late last year on former President Donald Trump's orders. Trump spent much of his time in office weakening many of the country's bedrock climate and environmental guardrails.\n Experts say that rejoining the agreement s is a significant step by the Biden administration to reverse the climate policies of the last four years. But now comes the hard work.\n As he takes the reins of the executive branch, the challenges that Biden faces rival any confronted by his 45 predecessors -- an out-of-control pandemic, a sputtering economy and the threat of right-wing extremist violence stoked by viral misinformation.\n Biden's action sends a strong message that the US is prepared to cooperate in the fight against climate change and seek to reclaim the leadership role it once held, experts say. Under the agreement, countries are expected to enhance their commitments to curb greenhouse gas emissions every five years.\n \"It sends a very important signal to the rest of the world on one of the biggest problems we face,\" said John Holdren, a professor of environmental science and policy at Harvard University who served as director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy under President Barack Obama. \"I think it is very important that the US demonstrates once again that it will take the global climate change challenge seriously.\"\n \"Welcome back to the Paris Agreement,\" French President Emmanuel Macron tweeted Wednesday.\n Biden is also signing a raft of executive orders aimed at gutting Trump's climate and environmental policies. The orders direct federal agencies to review dozens of rules from the Trump era and aim to reverse any that are \"harmful to public health, damaging to the environment, unsupported by the best available science, or otherwise not in the national interest.\"\n He also directed all federal agencies to review the threats posed by greenhouse gas emissions, especially to the poor, communities of color and young people, who are most vulnerable to the effects of climate change.\n When Trump pulled the US out of the accord, it was not the first time that the country had left an international climate agreement after leading the negotiations. The US signed the Kyoto Protocol more than two decades ago under then-President Bill Clinton, only to bail a few years later under President George W. Bush.\n The whiplash on federal climate policy the world has felt from the US has damaged its reputation internationally, and experts say other countries will want to see concrete actions to back up Biden's words.\n \"There is a lot of skepticism in the international community about the durability of American climate policy,\" said David Leva\u00ef, an associate researcher at the independent Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations, who served as a liaison between the French and US delegations in 2015 during the Paris agreement negotiations.\n \"While it's not a legal obligation of the Paris agreement, the Biden administration will have to reassure the entire scope of countries in the treaty that the US is fully committed to a certain [emissions] trajectory,\" he added.\n In 30 days, the US will be back in the agreement. From there, experts expect the pressure on the Biden administration to ratchet up.\n Last year was supposed to be the next mile marker for nations to increase their greenhouse gas emission pledges, but the pandemic postponed a major UN climate summit that was scheduled for last fall.\n Those climate negotiations are now taking place this November in Glasgow, Scotland, where all eyes will be on the US to submit more ambitious targets to achieve by 2030.\n The Biden team is not expected to set the new US goal for emissions reductions immediately, sources familiar with their thinking told CNN.\n Instead, it plans to consult with important stakeholders first, including Congress, labor unions, private businesses, mayors and governors. It is expected that Biden will then roll out the goal for reductions of carbon emissions by 2030 -- known as the nationally determined contribution (NDC) -- before the meetings in Glasgow, the sources said.\n Because the agreement is not a treaty, the goal won't be legally binding. But America's reputation will be on the line.\n \"The Biden team should take the time to do this right. Conducting robust stakeholder consultations is important because the Biden administration should gather all of the advice they can, so that when they put something forward it has wide political support,\" said Alden Meyer, a senior associate at E3G, an independent climate change think tank. \"The world is tired of the US roller coaster. They want to be sure that whatever the US puts forward has some real backing.\"\n Setting more ambitious goals and charting a path to meet them, even when he is no longer President, will be Biden's challenge.\n During his campaign, Biden set a goal of ensuring that the US achieves net-zero emissions by 2050. Climate experts say the goal is aggressive but achievable.\n Soon after his election victory, Biden named John Kerry, the former secretary of state, as his climate envoy, creating a new cabinet-level position focused on the climate crisis. Kerry has said that the climate will be treated \"as the urgent national security threat that it is.\"\n Historically, no country has put more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere than the US, and the country remains the world's second largest emitter.\n China, which today produces more greenhouse gases than any other country, announced last year that it aims to reach peak emissions by the end of this decade and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060.\n The state of the global climate also adds urgency to Biden's task.\n During Trump's presidency, global average temperatures continued to climb. The last six years were the hottest six ever recorded, with 2020 tying 2016 as the hottest year.\n Atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations also climbed to a new high in 2020, reaching levels unseen in millions of years.\n Preliminary estimates by the private data analytics firm the Rhodium Group show US emissions did plummet by 10% last year, the largest drop since World War II. But experts attribute most of the reduction to the pandemic, which kept many Americans out of their cars and off planes, and expect emissions to rebound as the effects of Covid-19 wane.\n Before the pandemic, US emissions rose in 2018 and then fell by a slim 2.1% in 2019.\n In 2019, the UN warned that to hold global warming below the 1.5 degree Celsius threshold, global emissions would need to fall by 7.6% each year from 2020 to 2030.",
        "tags": [
            "greenhouse",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "bedrock",
            "challenge",
            "predecessor",
            "relations",
            "role",
            "bill",
            "institute",
            "misinformation",
            "leva\u00ef",
            "glasgow",
            "economy",
            "crisis",
            "gas",
            "wing",
            "pandemic",
            "action",
            "clinton",
            "expert",
            "america",
            "violence",
            "emmanuel",
            "agreement",
            "french",
            "sign",
            "president",
            "science",
            "barack",
            "climate",
            "threat",
            "sustainable",
            "warming",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "kyoto",
            "alden",
            "urgency",
            "landmark",
            "harvard",
            "commitment",
            "guardrail",
            "message",
            "international",
            "policy",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "holdren",
            "david",
            "university",
            "scotland",
            "emission",
            "biden",
            "protocol",
            "november",
            "ndc",
            "accord",
            "paris",
            "wednesday",
            "technology",
            "macron",
            "bush",
            "administration",
            "leadership",
            "professor",
            "development",
            "un",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "rein"
        ]
    },
    "77": {
        "id": "1611472292.052425",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/africa/zimbabwe-foreign-minister-covid-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Zimbabwe's foreign minister dies after contracting Covid-19",
        "body_text": "Zimbabwe's foreign minister, Sibusiso Moyo, has died at a local hospital after catching Covid, said government spokesman George Charamba, on Wednesday.\n Moyo was the army officer who went on state television on November 15, 2017 to announce the military's takeover of power from former late president Robert Mugabe.\n \"The Nation will be kept apprised of further developments regarding this untimely demise of the late Minister, himself a decorated soldier and freedom fighter,\" said Charamba in a statement.  President Emmerson Mnangagwa paid tribute to Moyo, saying Zimbabwe had lost \"a devoted public servant and a true hero.\"\n \"I have lost a friend. He fought his entire life so that Zimbabwe could be free,\" he said in a tweet.\n The Foreign Ministry said he was \"a man who fought tirelessly for a better Zimbabwe.\"\n \"His humour, good grace and devotion to public service will be greatly missed by everyone here at the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Trade,\" it said in a tweet.\n There has been a spike in Covid-19 infections in Zimbabwe. Since Christmas Day, Zimbabwe has recorded over half its 28,675 total cases and 825 total deaths, according to data from John Hopkins University.\n The Zimbabwean Association of Doctors for Human Rights (ZADHR) has said the country's hospitals are unable to deal with an increased demand for admissions.\n \"ZADHR notes with concern the limited capacity of local health facilities to accommodate cases that need treatment. The continued surge in new infections has caused the hospitals to be overwhelmed and fail to cater for the increased number of COVID-19 related hospital admissions,\" the body said.\n The organization also reported that nearly 1000 frontline workers have been infected by Covid-19 in Zimbabwe due to lack of personal protective equipment (PPE).",
        "tags": [
            "hospital",
            "demise",
            "service",
            "infection",
            "george",
            "ministry",
            "statement",
            "ppe",
            "television",
            "association",
            "doctors",
            "tweet",
            "grace",
            "moyo",
            "zadhr",
            "soldier",
            "rights",
            "sibusiso",
            "covid",
            "takeover",
            "foreign",
            "power",
            "fighter",
            "emmerson",
            "robert",
            "hero",
            "mugabe",
            "president",
            "devotion",
            "hopkins",
            "christmas",
            "spokesman",
            "servant",
            "zimbabwean",
            "state",
            "tribute",
            "international",
            "army",
            "freedom",
            "john",
            "government",
            "mnangagwa",
            "officer",
            "university",
            "human",
            "november",
            "affairs",
            "charamba",
            "trade",
            "humour",
            "covid-19",
            "wednesday",
            "minister",
            "death",
            "development",
            "spike",
            "datum",
            "zimbabwe",
            "military"
        ]
    },
    "78": {
        "id": "1611472293.158584",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/media/inaugural-address-biden-media/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden speech draws high praise across media \u2014 even on Fox News",
        "body_text": "Before Joe Biden was sworn in, voices across the TV spectrum could not possibly set the bar for his inaugural address any higher.\n \"Today,\" Dana Perino said on Fox, \"is going to be the most important speech of Joe Biden's public service.\"\n Afterward, commentators said he cleared the bar with ease.\n \"Fox News Sunday\" moderator Chris Wallace said Biden's address was \"part sermon, part pep talk,\" and \"the best inaugural address I have ever heard.\"\n Conservative commentator Karl Rove said on Fox that it was \"a heartfelt appeal for unity\" and \"authentically Joe Biden.\"\n \"It was not a partisan speech,\" Abby Phillip said on CNN. \"It was an invitation, not just to reach across the aisle, but to get back on track. It was an invitation to decency, to civility. It was about the core foundation of democracy and not so much about politics.\"\n On NBC, Andrea Mitchell called the speech and the overall ceremony \"really important and optimistic, hopeful but confronting.\"\n Ed O'Keefe of CBS said Biden \"may have put a title on what we're going through\" by talking about an \"uncivil war\" in the United States.\n Biden told the nation that \"the answer is not to turn inward, to retreat into competing factions, distrusting those who don't look like you, or worship like you do, or don't get their news from the same sources you do. We must end this uncivil war that pits red versus blue. Rural versus urban. Conservative versus liberal. We can do this if we open our souls, instead of harden our hearts.\"\n Washington sparkled in the live shots from dozens of cameras, in what is known as \"pooled\" coverage shared by all the major networks. Post-riot security measures and Covid-era health precautions made the inaugural news coverage even more of a feat than usual.\n The contrast at the Capitol, between January 6 and January 20, was also a throughline of the morning's special reports.\n While CNN showed live pictures of the Capitol, Jake Tapper said, \"Two weeks after that very same site was desecrated by a domestic terrorist mob trying to stop democracy in its tracks, the United States and, in fact, the world was treated to a beautiful demonstration of the steadfastness of that democracy.\"\n New York Times TV critic James Poniewozik pointed out that \"the widespread and conspicuous mask-wearing\" in the live shots immediately presented \"a visual difference from the last administration's events.\"\n It's a \"symbolic message for the country and the world: America has embraced reality and science,\" CNN's Bianna Golodryga commented on Twitter.\n Brian Lowry writes: \"There will be no arguments about crowd size for this inaugural, which reflects the savvy way this inaugural was produced as a made-for-TV event. Trump's might have been billed as a 'reality TV presidency,' but Biden's response to the pandemic has been evident in the way he campaigned and now the way he was inaugurated: Using the medium of TV as a means of shaping the message, in the same way that other live events, from sports to talk shows, have had to adapt to this new reality.\"\n \"There is truth and there are lies \u2014 lies told for power and profit,\" Biden said during his address.\n \"I think particularly for all of us as journalists, it was resonant to hear the president say, this is about defending the truth and defeating the lies,\" Margaret Brennan said on CBS.\n \u202aOn ABC, Jon Karl also brought up Biden's appeal to truth: \"The line in Biden's speech that stood out to me was when he said, 'there is truth and there are lies' ... if he can convince Americans of that once again, he'll go a long way to accomplishing what he needs to accomplish.\"",
        "tags": [
            "rove",
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "lowry",
            "cnn",
            "margaret",
            "karl",
            "service",
            "dana",
            "ceremony",
            "twitter",
            "york",
            "andrea",
            "soul",
            "perino",
            "tapper",
            "sunday",
            "nbc",
            "james",
            "democracy",
            "cbs",
            "appeal",
            "aisle",
            "moderator",
            "phillip",
            "poniewozik",
            "spectrum",
            "golodryga",
            "washington",
            "covid",
            "speech",
            "commentator",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "ease",
            "chris",
            "unity",
            "foundation",
            "ed",
            "jake",
            "decency",
            "politic",
            "source",
            "liberal",
            "dozen",
            "address",
            "joe",
            "civility",
            "war",
            "harden",
            "brian",
            "pep",
            "trump",
            "times",
            "mitchell",
            "invitation",
            "biden",
            "bar",
            "core",
            "shot",
            "wallace",
            "abby",
            "tv",
            "abc",
            "faction",
            "fox",
            "jon",
            "o'keefe",
            "brennan",
            "january",
            "track",
            "new",
            "bianna"
        ]
    },
    "79": {
        "id": "1611472293.6470568",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/geely-auto-tencent-partnership-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Tencent is the latest tech giant to team up with carmaker Geely",
        "body_text": "Chinese automaker Geely has just announced another big tie-up in its quest to build the cars of the future.\n Last week, Geely said it would team up with search giant Baidu (BIDU) to build electric cars \u2014 the latest example of automakers working with rivals and tech companies to build vehicles that help tackle the climate crisis.\n Investors were encouraged by the news, sending Tencent's stock 3.7% higher in Hong Kong on Wednesday. Shares in Geely (GELYF) rose 5.6%, adding to recent gains for the automaker and taking the stock to a new record high.\n The Tencent partnership marks the third in recent weeks for Geely, which also owns Volvo.\n Two days after announcing an agreement with Baidu, Geely signed a deal with Apple (AAPL) supplier Foxconn to make cars for other automakers and consult on electric vehicles.\n The flurry of corporate activity comes as competition for next-generation cars heats up in China, the world's largest auto market.\n Tesla (TSLA) on Tuesday began rolling out its made-in-China Model Y crossover vehicles. And Volkswagen (VLKAF) is taking on Tesla in China with its own electric SUV.",
        "tags": [
            "car",
            "apple",
            "gelyf",
            "rival",
            "generation",
            "crossover",
            "quest",
            "partnership",
            "vlkaf",
            "tesla",
            "crisis",
            "vehicle",
            "deal",
            "volkswagen",
            "automaker",
            "geely",
            "aapl",
            "y",
            "suv",
            "tuesday",
            "hong",
            "agreement",
            "tsla",
            "climate",
            "china",
            "supplier",
            "company",
            "gain",
            "kong",
            "foxconn",
            "flurry",
            "tencent",
            "competition",
            "auto",
            "baidu",
            "bidu",
            "stock",
            "investor",
            "wednesday",
            "tech",
            "volvo",
            "giant",
            "up"
        ]
    },
    "80": {
        "id": "1611472295.1065059",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/fact-check-trump-final-video-speech-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Fact check: True to form, Trump makes multiple false claims in his final comments in office",
        "body_text": "President Donald Trump made false claims from the first hours of his term to the last.\n Trump repeated some of his favorite falsehoods in both his farewell video address, which was released on Tuesday, and in his final speech on Wednesday morning at Joint Base Andrews.\n One more time, here is a fact check roundup.\n In the video address, Trump said he appointed \"nearly 300 federal judges.\" In his final speech, similarly, Trump said he got \"almost 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices.\" He added in the speech: \"That's a record-setting number.\"\n Trump claimed in the video address, for more than the 160th time as President, that he is the one responsible for the creation of the Veterans Choice health care program: \"We passed VA Choice.\" (He made a less explicit version of the claim in his final speech.)\n The 2014 law Obama signed, which allowed certain veterans to be covered by the government for health care provided by doctors outside the VA system, was a bipartisan initiative spearheaded by two senators Trump repeatedly criticized, Bernie Sanders of Vermont and the late John McCain of Arizona.\n We've called Trump's claim that he got Veterans Choice one of his 15 most notable lies in office.\n Trump claimed in the video address: \"We also unlocked our energy resources and became the world's No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas by far.\"\n \"The United States has been the world's top producer of natural gas since 2009, when US natural gas production surpassed that of Russia, and it has been the world's top producer of petroleum hydrocarbons since 2013, when its production exceeded Saudi Arabia's,\" the Energy Information Administration says.\n Trump claimed in the video address that, under him, the US had built \"more than 450 miles of powerful new wall.\"\n Of the other 406 miles: 351 miles replaced previously existing primary barriers that the government describes as dilapidated or outdated; 22 miles replaced previously existing dilapidated or outdated secondary barriers; 33 miles were new secondary barriers where there had previously been only primary barriers.\n We shouldn't dismiss the significance of even replacement barriers, since many of the Trump-era barriers are significantly bigger, more expensive and more controversial than the barriers they replaced. But it's worth noting that Trump did not put 450 miles of barriers on terrain that previously had no defenses whatsoever.\n Trump claimed in his final speech that \"we just got 75 million votes,\" a record for a sitting president.\n - Tara Subramaniam\n Trump boasted in the video address that he \"achieved record low unemployment for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, women...\"\n The December 2020 unemployment rate for African Americans was 9.9%. That is well above the 8.0% of Trump's first full month in office, February 2017, and the record 5.2% of August 2019.\n The December 2020 unemployment rate for Hispanic Americans was 9.3%. That is well above the 5.6% of February 2017 and the record 4.0% of September 2019.\n The December 2020 unemployment rate for women was 6.7%. That is well above the 4.6% of February 2017 and the record 2.7% of May 1953.\n The December 2020 unemployment rate for Asian Americans was 5.8%. (This rate is not seasonally adjusted; the rates for the other groups in this fact check are seasonally adjusted.) That is well above the 3.5% of February 2017 and the record 2.0% of May 2018.\n In his final speech, Trump boasted about his record on jobs, saying that we \"have such good -- and have had -- such good job numbers. The job numbers have been absolutely incredible.\" He continued: \"When we started, had we not been hit by the pandemic, we would have had numbers that would never have been seen -- already our numbers are the best ever.\"\n Trump's record on jobs creation lagged behind that of several other presidents even before the pandemic.\n Trump claimed in both the farewell video and his final speech to have passed the largest tax cuts in US history.\n Tax cuts in 1981, 2010, and 2013 were larger, both in inflation-adjusted dollars or as a share of the economy. As a share of the economy, there were even others that were bigger, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a think tank focused on fiscal policies.\n The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, passed in 2017 under Trump, provided for cuts that are among the largest in nominal terms, but even then they are still smaller than tax cuts passed in 2013.\n - Katie Lobosco",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "arabia",
            "budget",
            "petroleum",
            "veteran",
            "doctor",
            "hispanic",
            "information",
            "program",
            "judge",
            "senator",
            "roundup",
            "hydrocarbon",
            "subramaniam",
            "russia",
            "sanders",
            "mccain",
            "term",
            "vermont",
            "no",
            "version",
            "creation",
            "bernie",
            "federal",
            "falsehood",
            "justice",
            "energy",
            "speech",
            "committee",
            "video",
            "supreme",
            "law",
            "tuesday",
            "cuts",
            "gas",
            "arizona",
            "president",
            "andrews",
            "tara",
            "claim",
            "address",
            "resource",
            "obama",
            "mile",
            "responsible",
            "va",
            "health",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "government",
            "asian",
            "system",
            "tax",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "august",
            "saudi",
            "african",
            "may",
            "check",
            "initiative",
            "veterans",
            "february",
            "donald",
            "joint",
            "us",
            "court",
            "december",
            "production",
            "producer",
            "jobs",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "81": {
        "id": "1611472295.6323001",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/africa/youtube-alex-okosi-opportunity-africa-spc/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "YouTube's Alex Okosi sees 'tremendous' opportunity in Africa's creative market",
        "body_text": "Throughout the Covid-19 pandemic, as stay-at-home orders continue to roll out across the world, millions of people are turning to the internet for everything from virtual learning and working from home to entertainment and social media -- leading to a surge in usage.\n For video hosting sites such as YouTube -- which boasts more than two billion users per month -- the pandemic means how-to's, self-care and social connection videos are becoming even more popular. More eyes on the platform are also giving rise to new stars in new places, including Africa.\n With more than 70% of its video watch time coming from mobile devices, YouTube is increasingly focused on the growing African market -- with 475 million people in sub-Saharan Africa alone projected to have mobile internet access by 2025.\n Last week, YouTube named 20 African creatives as part of its inaugural Black Voices initiative, joining other entertainment giants such as Netflix and Disney to announce partnerships with African artists and production companies in the last year.\n CNN's Eleni Giokos recently spoke with Alex Okosi, YouTube's managing director of emerging markets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, to talk about the opportunities he sees in the future for African creatives.\n This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.\n For more stories like this one, visit Marketplace Africa",
        "tags": [
            "cnn",
            "netflix",
            "saharan",
            "giokos",
            "self",
            "site",
            "user",
            "platform",
            "partnership",
            "europe",
            "voices",
            "artist",
            "youtube",
            "pandemic",
            "learning",
            "entertainment",
            "okosi",
            "video",
            "internet",
            "marketplace",
            "africa",
            "creative",
            "interview",
            "company",
            "device",
            "alex",
            "opportunity",
            "eleni",
            "medium",
            "million",
            "covid-19",
            "connection",
            "giant",
            "initiative",
            "production",
            "director",
            "clarity",
            "disney",
            "surge",
            "access",
            "usage"
        ]
    },
    "82": {
        "id": "1611472296.753846",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/trump-pardons-commutations-list/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump's last-minute pardons include Bannon, Lil Wayne and scores of others",
        "body_text": "President Donald Trump issued a raft of 11th-hour pardons and commutations early Wednesday that included his onetime political strategist, a former top fundraiser and two well-known rappers but not himself or his family.\n The batch of 73 pardons and 70 commutations issued in the final hours of his presidency was expected, and is in keeping with a long-standing presidential tradition of exercising clemency powers at the last minute.\n The list reflected a President keen on awarding pardons to his stalwart allies, an unusual number of whom have been swept up in corruption or lying charges.\n The vast majority of the pardons and commutations on Trump's list were doled out to individuals whose cases have been championed by criminal justice reform advocates, including people serving lengthy sentences for low-level offenses.\n But several controversial names do appear, including Steve Bannon, who has pleaded not guilty to charges he defrauded donors in a \"We Build the Wall\" online fundraising campaign. Trump had spent the past days deliberating over a pardon for the man who helped him win the presidency in 2016 and followed him to the White House. During his final hours in office there was a frantic debate underway behind the scenes on whether to grant Bannon a pardon.\n One concern was Bannon's possible connection to the January 6 riot of Trump supporters at the US Capitol, according to a source familiar with the discussions.\n Over the course of Tuesday, Trump continued to contemplate pardons that aides believed were settled, including for his former strategist. The President continued to go back and forth on it into Tuesday night, sources told CNN.\n Other names included Tuesday were Elliott Broidy, a former top fundraiser for Trump's campaign who pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy relating to a secret lobbying campaign to influence the Trump administration on behalf of a foreign billionaire in exchange for millions of dollars.\n The rapper Lil Wayne received a pardon after pleading guilty to a gun possession charge in Miami. Another rapper, Kodak Black, received a commutation after he pleaded guilty to a weapons charge.\n Trump also offered clemency to Paul Erickson, the conservative political operative and ex-boyfiend of alleged Russian spy Maria Butina, who pleaded guilty to wire fraud and money laundering charges; Robin Hayes, a North Carolina political donor convicted of trying to bribe officials; Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick, convicted of federal charges including racketeering, extortion and the filing of false tax returns; William Walters, a professional sports gambler convicted of insider trading; and Aviem Sella, an Israeli air force officer who the US accused of being a spy.\n Bob Zangrillo, the Miami developer and venture capitalist charged in the Varsity Blues college admission scandal, also received a pardon. None of the other parents caught up in the probe were pardoned.\n Though neither Trump or members of his family were included on his list, Trump has until noon on Wednesday to issue any final pardons before leaving office.\n Trump's final acts of clemency come after a scramble in recent days among criminal justice reform advocates and several White House officials to finalize the list and convince Trump to approve the actions. These pardons will undoubtedly be overshadowed by the slew of controversial ones Trump also issue in the same final batch on Tuesday.\n While outgoing presidents typically issue pardons before leaving office, Trump has proven more willing to use his pardon power to brazenly reward political loyalty, the wealthy and well-connected and those who did not cooperate with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.\n The January 6 riots that led to Trump's second impeachment have complicated his desire to pardon himself, his kids and personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani, and a source close to the process said those are no longer expected.\n After the riot, advisers encouraged Trump to forgo a self-pardon because it would appear like he was guilty of something, according to one person familiar with the conversations. Several of Trump's closest advisers have also urged him not to grant clemency to anyone involved in the siege on the US Capitol, despite Trump's initial stance that those involved had done nothing wrong.\n After weeks focusing on contesting the election and reeling from the fallout of the January 6 insurrection, Trump finally snapped back to attention on pardons in recent days, one source said.\n \"You couldn't get the President to focus on this,\" a source close to the process said of Trump in recent weeks. \"And then this weekend, he didn't have his Twitter, he didn't have all these other distractions.\"\n Trump, who sank deeper into lame duck status in recent weeks, was reminded that his pardon power is one of the remaining undiminished aspects of his presidential power.\n This source said Trump also resonated with cases in which individuals who went to trial got significantly more prison time than co-defendants who cooperated with law enforcement.\n \"I don't think he likes when people get screwed just because they go to trial,\" this source said.\n While Jared Kushner has been closely involved in pardons throughout his time at the White House, this source said that Ivanka Trump became much more closely involved in the push for pardons in recent days.\n Together, Kushner and Ivanka Trump worked with the White House counsel's office and Justice Department while also working to convince Trump to support a series of clemency actions in the vein of criminal justice reform.\n After meetings this weekend, Trump met again with his daughter, son-in-law and other White House officials on Monday to finalize the list of clemency actions.",
        "tags": [
            "cnn",
            "zangrillo",
            "wayne",
            "strategist",
            "level",
            "kodak",
            "steve",
            "twitter",
            "former",
            "presidency",
            "corruption",
            "blues",
            "individual",
            "ally",
            "rapper",
            "lil",
            "tradition",
            "pardon",
            "detroit",
            "kwame",
            "hayes",
            "kilpatrick",
            "carolina",
            "kushner",
            "fundraiser",
            "maria",
            "elliott",
            "mueller",
            "reform",
            "paul",
            "erickson",
            "justice",
            "butina",
            "debate",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "bannon",
            "rudy",
            "tuesday",
            "robert",
            "broidy",
            "mayor",
            "donor",
            "fundraising",
            "president",
            "riot",
            "campaign",
            "miami",
            "sella",
            "bob",
            "raft",
            "advocate",
            "lying",
            "wall",
            "aviem",
            "trump",
            "robin",
            "varsity",
            "offense",
            "william",
            "majority",
            "walters",
            "giuliani",
            "jared",
            "concern",
            "wednesday",
            "connection",
            "scene",
            "charge",
            "clemency",
            "commutation",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "batch"
        ]
    },
    "83": {
        "id": "1611472297.111361",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/white-house-source-code-hiring-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The Biden administration has an Easter egg for IT pros on the White House website",
        "body_text": "The White House website has a special message for IT folks who know where to look -- and it could lead to a job with the government.\n The Biden administration updated the whitehouse.gov website Wednesday once Joe Biden was sworn in as the 46th president of the United States.\n Eagle-eyed Twitter users quickly spotted a comment tag in the site's source code that says \"<!-- If you're reading this, we need your help building back better. https://usds.gov/apply \u2192\"\n Comment tags aren't visible when a site is viewed in a browser. Developers often use them to leave instructions or explanations for people who might need to edit the code in the future.\n The link in the comment directs people to the hiring page of the US Digital Service, which is working to modernize the government \"to deliver better government services to the American people through technology and design.\"\n The updated site now includes a Spanish language translation of White House communications. La Casa Blanca's Spanish language communications went dark in 2017 when President Donald Trump took office. Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush maintained a Spanish version of the White House website.\n With the White House digital transition, Trump's 1776 Commission has been removed from the site.\n The National Archives has preserved Trump's version of the White House website.\n CNN's Maegan Vazquez, DJ Judd and Germain Perez contributed to this story.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "states",
            "united",
            "folk",
            "cnn",
            "casa",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "dj",
            "twitter",
            "digital",
            "hiring",
            "design",
            "site",
            "user",
            "communication",
            "national",
            "vazquez",
            "developer",
            "version",
            "translation",
            "blanca",
            "judd",
            "whitehouse.gov",
            "website",
            "eyed",
            "la",
            "source",
            "perez",
            "comment",
            "tag",
            "president",
            "link",
            "barack",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "germain",
            "maegan",
            "archives",
            "message",
            "instruction",
            "trump",
            "government",
            "biden",
            "explanation",
            "commission",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "technology",
            "transition",
            "browser",
            "language",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "eagle",
            "code"
        ]
    },
    "84": {
        "id": "1611472298.325262",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/success/biden-eviction-foreclosure-moratorium-executive-action/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden seeks to extend bans on evictions and foreclosures",
        "body_text": "One of several executive actions Biden took on Wednesday, it is a signal from the incoming administration that immediate action is needed in order to stabilize housing for the estimated 25 million renters and homeowners who are at risk of losing their homes.\n The action seeks to extend the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's federal moratorium on eviction for non-payment of rent by two more months. The CDC's order first went into effect in September and the latest stimulus bill extended the protection until January 31.\n President Biden also asked the Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Agriculture, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development to extend foreclosure moratoriums for federally backed mortgages until March 31. He asked these agencies to accept applications for forbearance for federally guaranteed mortgages until that time as well.\n In response, the USDA announced it would extend its deadlines to the end of March.\n On Tuesday, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) \u200bextended\u200b its foreclosure and eviction moratoriums until the end of February. But the President asked for that period to be extended. Biden also asked the enterprises to continue accepting forbearance applications for all loans guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.\n These shortfalls disproportionately impact families of color. While 12% of White renters said they had not been able to catch up on their rent, 24% of Latino and 28% of Black renters said they had fallen behind.\n While Biden's executive action provides some immediate protections, administration officials say the bans on evictions and foreclosures are not enough.\n That is why the President is also asking Congress to approve a Covid relief bill that would provide $35 billion in rent, utilities and homelessness relief. That would be in addition to the $25 billion in rent relief included in the second stimulus passed in December.\n Struggling renters had been protected by a patchwork of federal, state and local eviction moratoriums, many of which expired over the summer. The first large stimulus package offered a narrow eviction protection for renters whose landlords had a federally backed mortgage and for those living in federally assisted housing.\n In September, the Centers for Disease Control put in place an eviction moratorium that protected all eligible renters from being evicted for non payment of rent. The emergency order temporarily prohibits new and previously filed evictions from occurring in an effort to prevent further transmission of the coronavirus.\n But it is up to the tenant to invoke the protection. And despite the ban, evictions are still taking place.\n A federally mandated eviction moratorium comes as much-needed relief to those on the front lines of assisting struggling renters.\n \"If all we get is an extension of the CDC order, we'll take it,\" said Dana Karni, managing attorney at Lone Star Legal Aid's Eviction Right to Counsel Project in Texas.\n But she added that many tenants are still being evicted. In Harris County, Texas, she said it is the minority of tenants in litigation who have used the CDC protection. The CDC order does not protect against a landlord not renewing a lease when it expires.\n \"In other words, things look awfully bleak in Houston,\" Karni said.",
        "tags": [
            "eviction",
            "congress",
            "housing",
            "disease",
            "dana",
            "loan",
            "legal",
            "\u200bextended\u200b",
            "counsel",
            "centers",
            "moratorium",
            "renter",
            "application",
            "mae",
            "addition",
            "finance",
            "march",
            "bill",
            "agency",
            "aid",
            "fannie",
            "enterprise",
            "relief",
            "houston",
            "county",
            "federal",
            "shortfall",
            "latino",
            "usda",
            "action",
            "stimulus",
            "ban",
            "tuesday",
            "impact",
            "president",
            "agriculture",
            "mortgage",
            "karni",
            "patchwork",
            "official",
            "harris",
            "utility",
            "project",
            "fhfa",
            "deadline",
            "forbearance",
            "affairs",
            "biden",
            "protection",
            "homeowner",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "color",
            "homelessness",
            "development",
            "urban",
            "prevention",
            "texas",
            "foreclosure",
            "veterans",
            "february",
            "december",
            "january",
            "lone",
            "freddie",
            "risk",
            "mac",
            "response",
            "cdc",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "85": {
        "id": "1611472298.9053109",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/lil-wayne-kodak-black-trump/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump grants clemency to rappers Lil Wayne and Kodak Black in final flurry of presidential power ",
        "body_text": "The White House announced early Wednesday that President Donald Trump has granted a pardon to rapper Lil Wayne and a commutation to rapper Kodak Black, two of the raft of pardons and commutations on his final day in office.\n \"President Trump granted a full pardon to Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., also known as 'Lil Wayne,'\" the statement from White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany read. \"Mr. Carter pled guilty to possession of a firearm and ammunition by a convicted felon, owing to a conviction over 10 years ago. Brett Berish of Sovereign Brands, who supports a pardon for Mr. Carter, describes him as 'trustworthy, kind-hearted and generous.'\"\n \"Mr. Carter has exhibited this generosity through commitment to a variety of charities, including donations to research hospitals and a host of foodbanks. Deion Sanders, who also wrote in support of this pardon, calls Mr. Wayne 'a provider for his family, a friend to many, a man of faith, a natural giver to the less fortunate, a waymaker, [and] a game changer.'\"\n The decisions mark another example of Trump rewarding someone he perceives as loyal. Trump, who has been largely lambasted by Hollywood during his tenure in office, has relished praise from celebrities and is rewarding the rapper, also known as Dwayne Carter, who expressed support for his campaign in the final days of the 2020 campaign.\n Lil Wayne, a multi-platinum artist and record label founder who has won five Grammys, pleaded guilty to illegal gun possession on December 11, 2020, after a December 2019 arrest, and was facing up to 10 years in federal prison as he awaited his sentencing later this month.\n The guilty plea came weeks after he met with Trump in Miami, Florida, to discuss the President's \"platinum plan\" aimed at courting Black voters days before the election.\n \"Just had a great meeting with @realdonaldtrump,\" Lil Wayne said in a tweet after the October 29 meeting, posting a photo alongside Trump, both men smiling with thumbs up.\n He added, \"Besides what he's done so far with criminal reform, the platinum plan is going to give the community real ownership. He listened to what we had to say today and assured he will and can get it done.\"\n The meeting was set up after Carter's team reached out to the White House, press secretary Kayleigh McEnany said.\n Like Trump, who called the Black Lives Matter movement a \"symbol of hate\" and railed against nationwide protests amid a national reckoning on systemic racism, Lil Wayne has a controversial history of his own remarks on social justice, telling ABC News in 2016 that he did not feel connected to the Black Lives Matter movement.\n \"I don't feel connected to a damn thing that ain't got nothin' to do with me,\" he said at the time.\n Lil Wayne had been charged with criminal possession of a firearm and ammunition as a prior felony offender. Prosecutors said the gold-plated, .45-caliber handgun carried in a bag on a private flight was loaded. He was arrested in December 2019 as he arrived on a flight from California at the Opa Locka Executive Airport near Miami. Officers spoke with the rapper, who told them that he had a gun in his bag, officials said.\n He had previously pleaded guilty in October 2009 to a felony gun charge as part of a deal with New York prosecutors. That charge stemmed from his arrest in 2007 outside of New York City's Beacon Theater in which a .40-caliber pistol was found on his tour bus. He accepted a plea agreement and was sentenced to a year in prison, serving eight months before being released.\n Kodak Black -- who was raised in Pompano Beach, Florida, and whose breakout hit \"Tunnel Vision\" became his first top 10 song on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart -- has been arrested multiple times and faced gun, drug and sexual misconduct charges.\n Kodak Black, whose real name is Bill Kapri, was sentenced to more than three years in prison on weapons charges in November 2019. He pleaded guilty in August 2019 to knowingly making false written statements when trying to acquire firearms from a federally licensed firearms dealer. US District Judge Federico Moreno in Miami sentenced Kapri to 46 months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release.\n In April 2019, he was arrested on separate gun and drug charges near Niagara Falls, New York, while trying to enter the US from Canada. Kapri faced allegations of criminal possession of a weapon second degree and unlawful possession of marijuana.\n He pleaded guilty in that case in March. The sentence was to be served concurrently with the case out of Miami.\n Kapri was also indicted by a grand jury in South Carolina in 2016, accused of first-degree criminal sexual conduct.\n \"Kodak Black is a prominent artist and community leader,\" McEnany said in the statement.\n \"He has served nearly half of his sentence. Before his conviction and after reaching success as a recording artist, Kodak Black became deeply involved in numerous philanthropic efforts. In fact, he has committed to supporting a variety of charitable efforts, such as providing educational resources to students and families of fallen law enforcement officers and the underprivileged. In addition to these efforts, he has paid for the notebooks of school children, provided funding and supplies to daycare centers, provided food for the hungry, and annually provides for underprivileged children during Christmas. Most recently while still incarcerated, Kodak Black donated $50,000 to David Portnoy's Barstool Fund, which provides funds to small businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Kodak Black's only request was that his donation go toward restaurants in his hometown.\"\n CNN's Scottie Andrew, Kay Jones, Lisa Respers France, Caroline Kelly, Chloe Melas, Maddie Capron and Justin Lear contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "hospital",
            "charity",
            "wayne",
            "firearm",
            "kayleigh",
            "kodak",
            "giver",
            "dwayne",
            "york",
            "hot",
            "conviction",
            "hollywood",
            "faith",
            "beacon",
            "beach",
            "lil",
            "statement",
            "sanders",
            "pardon",
            "billboard",
            "rapper",
            "carter",
            "opa",
            "ammunition",
            "foodbank",
            "locka",
            "october",
            "donation",
            "artist",
            "theater",
            "michael",
            "label",
            "praise",
            "variety",
            "jr.",
            "celebrity",
            "sovereign",
            "felon",
            "president",
            "california",
            "deion",
            "campaign",
            "generosity",
            "miami",
            "lives",
            "pompano",
            "raft",
            "brett",
            "waymaker",
            "commitment",
            "airport",
            "changer",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "provider",
            "mr.",
            "berish",
            "host",
            "mcenany",
            "wednesday",
            "tenure",
            "executive",
            "brands",
            "grammys",
            "abc",
            "commutation",
            "donald",
            "december",
            "us",
            "new",
            "possession",
            "vision",
            "tunnel",
            "florida",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "86": {
        "id": "1611472299.383013",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/asia/thailand-lese-majeste-anchan-sentence-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Record 43-year sentence for insulting Thai monarchy sends a chilling message to activists ",
        "body_text": "A 43-year prison sentence given to a woman by a Thai court for insulting the monarchy could be seen as a \"warning shot\" to protesters demanding reform in the kingdom, according to analysts.\n The sentence passed Tuesday is believed to be the toughest ever imposed under the country's lese majeste laws and comes after months of youth-led protests last year openly calling for reform of Thailand's powerful monarchy and greater democratic freedoms. The verdict is likely to send a chill through the movement, which has seen dozens of its protest leaders and activists charged with the same crime.\n Thailand has some of the world's strictest laws against defaming or criticizing the king, queen, heir-apparent or regent. The laws, which are known as lese majeste, can result in a 15-year prison sentence for each violation.\n Anchan Preelert, 65, pleaded guilty to sharing audio clips on YouTube and Facebook between 2014 and 2015 that were deemed critical of the kingdom's royal family, according to the Thai Lawyers for Human Rights. She was convicted of 29 counts, with three years for each.\n The criminal court in Bangkok handed an initial sentence of 87 years but halved it because of Anchan's guilty plea.\n \"The sentence is the highest ever handed down by Thai court from violating Section 112,\" said her lawyer Pawinee Chumsri, referring to the lese majeste law.\n Pawinee said they would appeal the verdict and were working to secure bail from the Court of Appeal. \"There are two more courts we can try on her legal case,\" she said.\n Since late last year, authorities have brought lese majeste cases against dozens of protesters after more than two years of the law not being used. Thailand's Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said last June that the law was no longer being applied because of a request from King Maha Vajiralongkorn.\n But that was before the democracy movement grew to become the biggest challenge to the establishment the country has seen in the modern era. For more than five months, protesters held regular demonstrations demanding the resignation of Prayut -- who seized power in a military coup in 2014 -- as well as the dissolution of Parliament and changes to the constitution that they say entrenches the military's power.\n Many protesters felt emboldened to openly call for reform of the monarchy.\n Those calls hit a nerve and brought thousands of people out onto the streets, in sometimes violent confrontations with police and pro-monarchy groups. The idea of a sacrosanct monarchy and a King shielded from public scrutiny was torn apart by the younger generation. Their demands included the King be held to account under the constitution, a curb on his powers, and transparency over his finances.\n From November 24 to December 31, 2020, at least 38 people were charged under lese majeste, including a minor and several university students, according to the Thai Lawyers for Human Rights.\n Thitinan Pongsudhirak, political scientist and director of the Institute of Security and International Studies at Chulalongkorn University, said Anchan's sentence \"means the lese majeste law is back in full force.\"\n \"Because it dates from the last reign and the coup in 2014, this record-setting sentence after a hiatus is seen as a warning shot to the ongoing youth-led protest movement against the new monarch,\" he said. \"It suggests that Thailand's established centers of power are hunkering down for the long haul.\"\n Anchan's case is not directly linked to the recent charges against pro-democracy protesters. But with the almost three-year hiatus of lese majeste cases over, analysts say the sentence suggests old cases will now be activated.\n Anchan, a former civil servant who worked for the Revenue Department, was arrested in January 2015, not long after the military overthrew Thailand's civilian government in a coup.\n After seizing power, Prayut imposed martial law and hundreds of activists were arrested and charged under draconian laws such as sedition and lese majeste in a crackdown aimed to silence any dissent, rights groups said.\n Anchan's case was initially brought before a military court and she was detained for almost four years while awaiting trial, her lawyers said. In 2018, she was released on bail and her case was transferred to a civilian criminal court.\n Her crime was to share audio clips on social media from an underground radio show that allegedly criticized the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej. The creator of the clips -- a man who went by the name \"Banpodj\" -- was convicted on lese majeste and has already served his sentence.\n \"This shocking case is yet another serious assault on Thailand's vanishing space for freedom of expression,\" Amnesty International's Asia-Pacific regional director Yamini Mishra said. \"The manner of her sentencing is also chilling. The way authorities have evidently sought to maximize the punishments by multiplying criminal charges sends a clear message of deterrence to Thailand's 50 million internet users.\"",
        "tags": [
            "protest",
            "pongsudhirak",
            "king",
            "prison",
            "pacific",
            "youth",
            "parliament",
            "thitinan",
            "lawyers",
            "preelert",
            "prime",
            "heir",
            "strictest",
            "yamini",
            "institute",
            "thai",
            "appeal",
            "thailand",
            "amnesty",
            "rights",
            "reform",
            "analyst",
            "youtube",
            "monarchy",
            "chill",
            "law",
            "chulalongkorn",
            "chan",
            "june",
            "anchan",
            "asia",
            "majeste",
            "movement",
            "tuesday",
            "maha",
            "activist",
            "dozen",
            "regent",
            "clip",
            "lawyer",
            "prayut",
            "o",
            "studies",
            "section",
            "international",
            "bhumibol",
            "freedom",
            "leader",
            "university",
            "human",
            "violation",
            "november",
            "facebook",
            "adulyadej",
            "shot",
            "pawinee",
            "department",
            "bangkok",
            "minister",
            "kingdom",
            "chumsri",
            "banpodj",
            "protester",
            "crime",
            "security",
            "december",
            "revenue",
            "january",
            "court",
            "warning",
            "verdict",
            "plea",
            "vajiralongkorn"
        ]
    },
    "87": {
        "id": "1611472300.1472828",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/health/premature-babies-early-death-health-risks-wellness/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Preemies may have greater risk of premature death as adults, study suggests",
        "body_text": "One in 10 babies around the world is born prematurely, and the vastly improved survival rates of preemies is one of the most striking advances of modern health care -- with the overwhelming majority of those born preterm reaching adulthood.\n But what are the long-term health risks of being born too early as these infants approach middle and old age? It's a question that has been difficult to answer with many individuals in follow-up studies still too young to draw meaningful conclusions.\n In particular, preterm birth was associated with a twofold increase in increased risks of death from cardiovascular disease such as heart attacks or strokes, chronic lung disease and diabetes compared to those born closer to full gestation, the study found.\n These findings corroborate other research and \"the evidence is now clear that preterm and early-term birth are important risk factors for premature mortality in adulthood,\" said Dr. Casey Crump, a professor and vice chair for research at the department of family medicine and community health at The Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City.\n \"Preterm and early-term birth should now be recognized as chronic conditions that require long-term clinical follow-up for preventive actions, monitoring, and treatment of health sequelae (consequences) across the life course,\" said Crump, who wasn't involved in the research but wrote a commentary on the study, which published in the journal JAMA Network Open January 8.\n Experts don't know all the reasons why some babies are born prematurely. According to the CDC, some risk factors for preterm birth include delivering a premature baby in the past; being pregnant with multiples; tobacco use and substance abuse; and short time (less than 18 months) between pregnancies. However, a woman can still have a premature birth even if she has no known risk factors.\n \"The risk of overall death and death from chronic diseases in the young adults ages that we studied (up to a maximum of 50 years) is very low. I would encourage anyone born before full term to let their doctor know if they are born preterm so that adequate risk assessments can be performed and life style changes and treatments can be applied appropriately to prevent chronic diseases,\" she said.\n The Scandinavian researchers used information from nationwide birth registries established in the 1960s and 1970s in the four countries that tracked the health of individuals from birth to a maximum of 50 years of age.\n Out of the 6.3 million people included for study, some 5.4% were born preterm and the researchers divided them into three categories: preterm birth (born between 22 and 33 weeks), late preterm (34 to 36 weeks) and early term (37 to 38 weeks).\n \"The population health impacts are likely to be even higher in countries such as the United States, that have a much higher prevalence of both early-term and preterm birth. Future studies should examine early-term birth as a separate group whenever feasible to better understand its long-term health trajectory in adulthood,\" Crump said.\n \"We compared siblings and found that the risk was higher in a preterm born compared to their full born sibling. This made us conclude that increased risk in preterm born could not be fully explained by factors that siblings share, like genetic factors or socioeconomic factors, living conditions or lifestyle factors in childhood,\" Risnes said.\n \"Neonatal survival and treatment has changed substantially from the beginning of the study period; therefore, it is unclear to what extent our findings are generalizable to children born today and to children in other settings with fewer resources,\" the study said.\n \"It remains to be observed whether these patterns of higher mortality in individuals born before term persist later in adulthood and whether they apply to more recent birth cohorts with increased neonatal survival.\"\n However, he stressed that the absolute risk of dying early was \"modest.\"\n \"Most people who were born preterm or early term survive into adulthood without major comorbidities and frequently report a high level of function and quality of life,\" he said.",
        "tags": [
            "hospital",
            "states",
            "infant",
            "united",
            "jama",
            "medicine",
            "disease",
            "factor",
            "vice",
            "adulthood",
            "york",
            "network",
            "individual",
            "evidence",
            "term",
            "advance",
            "open",
            "preterm",
            "finding",
            "research",
            "professor",
            "gestation",
            "mount",
            "diabetes",
            "dr.",
            "crump",
            "survival",
            "health",
            "stroke",
            "preemie",
            "casey",
            "mortality",
            "rate",
            "attack",
            "majority",
            "sinai",
            "department",
            "conclusion",
            "lung",
            "follow",
            "death",
            "january",
            "risk",
            "new",
            "baby",
            "cdc"
        ]
    },
    "88": {
        "id": "1611472300.617853",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/health/biden-first-day-health-executive/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden's first executive order will require masks on federal property",
        "body_text": "President-elect Joe Biden, who plans to make the coronavirus pandemic his top priority, will begin his presidency by asking Americans to wear masks for 100 days and requiring their use on federal property.\n His first executive order, the \"100 Days Masking Challenge,\" will symbolize the administration's sharp turn from the Trump era by emphasizing recommendations by public health experts. A president cannot tell states or cities what to do, but a federal mandate will affect federal offices and federal lands and will urge states to do the same.\n \"This executive action will direct the agencies to take action to require compliance with CDC guidance on mask wearing and physical distancing in federal buildings, on federal lands and by federal employees and contractors,\" said Biden counselor Jeff Zients, who will be the administration's Covid-19 response coordinator.\n \"And the president will call on governors, public health officials, mayors, business leaders and others to implement masking, physical distancing and other public measures to control COVID-19,\" Zients added.\n \"This is not a political statement. This is about the health of our families, and economic recovery of our country.\"\n President Donald Trump pointedly refused to wear a mask in public throughout his presidency, and Trump political appointees across federal agencies often discouraged mask use among their staff. Largely mask-free events sponsored by the White House were linked to multiple Covid-19 infections, including a party surrounding the swearing-in of Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett.\n Trump was himself hospitalized for a coronavirus infection in the fall.\n Biden also plans to try to get the US back into the world arena in fighting the coronavirus pandemic, aides told reporters.\n That means an immediate reversal of Trump's decision to leave the World Health Organization, Zients told reporters.\n \"America's withdrawal from the international arena has impeded progress on the global response and left us more vulnerable to future pandemics,\" Zients said during a telephone briefing Tuesday afternoon.\n \"He will take action to cease the previous administration's process of withdrawing from the World Health Organization, and the Biden/Harris administration will participate in the WHO executive board meeting this week.\"\n Dr. Anthony Fauci, who as director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases was the most prominent medical professional speaking about the coronavirus pandemic under the Trump administration, will speak to the WHO executive board in an official capacity Thursday.\n Biden will also restore the National Security Council's Directorate for Global Health Security and Biodefense. That office, established in 2015 under the Obama administration, was disbanded in 2018, although the Trump administration denied that meant it had abandoned all pandemic preparedness.\n \"Moving forward, we will focus on immediate and emerging domestic and global biological threats and play a critical role in stopping this pandemic and preventing future biological catastrophes,\" Zients said.\n It won't be a Day One executive order, but Zients also said the administration will reverse the so-called Mexico City policy -- a policy denying US federal funding to any organizations globally that support abortion rights. The policy, also known as the Global Gag Rule, is regularly reversed by Democratic administrations and restored in various forms by Republican presidents.\n Biden will also try to stop evictions related to people's job losses because of the pandemic, said Brian Deese, who will lead the National Economic Council.\n \"We were heartened to see Congress take a step in the right direction in providing some rental assistance and extending the federal eviction moratorium until January 31. But the threat of widespread evictions still exists at the end of the month in only a few days,\" Deese said, adding that Biden will ask the CDC to consider extending the federal eviction moratorium until at least the end of March.",
        "tags": [
            "deese",
            "americans",
            "mexico",
            "presidency",
            "challenge",
            "mask",
            "global",
            "zients",
            "distancing",
            "infectious",
            "mandate",
            "national",
            "institute",
            "agency",
            "anthony",
            "contractor",
            "coordinator",
            "biodefense",
            "coronavirus",
            "guidance",
            "building",
            "justice",
            "action",
            "barrett",
            "supreme",
            "expert",
            "america",
            "governor",
            "tuesday",
            "thursday",
            "wearing",
            "mayor",
            "president",
            "masking",
            "elect",
            "council",
            "joe",
            "obama",
            "era",
            "dr.",
            "counselor",
            "state",
            "coney",
            "official",
            "brian",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "harris",
            "trump",
            "leader",
            "who",
            "biden",
            "allergy",
            "diseases",
            "jeff",
            "covid-19",
            "recommendation",
            "directorate",
            "administration",
            "compliance",
            "amy",
            "gag",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "fauci",
            "us",
            "court",
            "priority",
            "property",
            "response",
            "cdc",
            "employee"
        ]
    },
    "89": {
        "id": "1611472301.251004",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/democratic-senators-swearing-in/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "3 new Democratic senators sworn in, flipping control of the Senate",
        "body_text": "Vice President Kamala Harris formally swore in three new, barrier-breaking Democratic senators on Wednesday afternoon following her own inauguration, officially giving Democrats control of the Senate for the first time since they lost the chamber in the 2014 elections.\n Earlier this month, Georgia elected two Democrats -- the Rev. Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff -- to the US Senate, flipping the chamber. Warnock, the senior pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta, and Ossoff were joined on Wednesday by Harris' successor, Alex Padilla, the former California secretary of state appointed to the Senate by Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom.\n The swearing-in of the three new senators was groundbreaking. Warnock and Ossoff are respectively the first Black and first Jewish senators representing Georgia, while Padilla is California's first Latino senator.\n Ossoff, 33, is also the youngest senator in the chamber, and the youngest Democrat to serve in the Senate since President Joe Biden, who was sworn into the chamber at the age of 30 in 1973.\n LIVE UPDATES: The inauguration of Joe Biden\n With Warnock, Ossoff and Padilla sworn in, the party breakdown of the Senate is 50-50. Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer became the first New Yorker and first Jewish lawmaker to become Senate majority leader.\n Harris will wield power as the Senate's crucial tie-breaking vote, helping the Biden administration confirm its appointments and giving Democrats the gavels of committees in charge of holding oversight hearings and crafting far-reaching legislation.\n This story has been updated with additional developments Wednesday.",
        "tags": [
            "church",
            "atlanta",
            "padilla",
            "updates",
            "vice",
            "raphael",
            "senator",
            "sen.",
            "lawmaker",
            "pastor",
            "election",
            "chuck",
            "schumer",
            "baptist",
            "chamber",
            "ebenezer",
            "georgia",
            "successor",
            "gavin",
            "inauguration",
            "committee",
            "power",
            "barrier",
            "vote",
            "president",
            "california",
            "rev.",
            "swearing",
            "joe",
            "gavel",
            "yorker",
            "appointment",
            "afternoon",
            "alex",
            "state",
            "gov.",
            "harris",
            "democrat",
            "senate",
            "secretary",
            "leader",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "majority",
            "wednesday",
            "warnock",
            "in",
            "ossoff",
            "administration",
            "charge",
            "breakdown",
            "newsom",
            "oversight",
            "legislation",
            "development",
            "jon",
            "hearing",
            "us",
            "new",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "90": {
        "id": "1611472301.80228",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/student-loan-payment-deferrals/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden extends student loan payment deferrals until October",
        "body_text": "President Joe Biden is directing the Department of Education Wednesday to extend the suspension of federal student loan payments and interest.\n Borrowers will not have to make payments until October 1 at the earliest, extending the already unprecedented pause on payments by eight months.\n When the economy began to shut down in response to the pandemic in March, Congress passed a sweeping relief bill that automatically suspended student loan payments and waived interest. The benefit was originally set to expire in September, but was extended by the Trump administration until January 31.\n Both the pause on payments and interest waiver is automatic, but only applies to federally held loans.\n That covers roughly 85% of all federal student loans, including those known as direct federal loans and PLUS loans that parents have taken out on behalf of their children. It excludes some federal loans that are guaranteed by the government but not technically held by it. Generally, those were disbursed prior to 2010.\n Balances were frozen in March 2020, though borrowers are allowed to continue making payments. Those enrolled in the Public Service Loan Forgiveness payment plan will still receive credit as if they had continued paying, as long as they are still working full time for qualifying employers.\n Progressive Democrats are already putting the pressure on Biden to go bigger and cancel billions of dollars in student loan debt altogether. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren have called for forgiving $50,000 in student loan debt per borrower, arguing that it would provide relief to millions of people struggling due to the pandemic, stimulate the economy, and help close the racial wealth gap.\n Warren has argued that the secretary of education has the authority to cancel federal student loans, a claim backed up in a memo from lawyers at Harvard's Legal Services Center and its Project on Predatory Student Lending.\n Former Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was staunchly against Democrats' debt cancellation proposals, recently criticizing politicians for advancing \"the truly insidious notion of government gift giving\" in remarks at a federal student aid conference.\n But Biden may be reluctant to wipe away debt unilaterally and prefer the move be approved by Congress. It would be an unprecedented move and one that may not have the support of more moderate members of the Democratic Party. A study from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget found that canceling student debt would provide a relatively small boost to the economy and that most of the relief would go to those with higher incomes who tend to have more debt.\n During his campaign, Biden called for canceling $10,000 per borrower. On Tuesday, Brian Deese, his pick to lead the National Economic Council, said that he continues to support Congress passing a bill that would do so.\n Biden did not include any student debt cancellation in a $1.9 trillion relief plan he unveiled last week. But he push for it in a second economic bill he is expected to lay out in February that will focus on the economic recovery.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "deese",
            "child",
            "budget",
            "congress",
            "loan",
            "credit",
            "legal",
            "sen.",
            "predatory",
            "former",
            "payment",
            "forgiveness",
            "plus",
            "center",
            "schumer",
            "chuck",
            "march",
            "national",
            "pause",
            "bill",
            "october",
            "elizabeth",
            "wealth",
            "economy",
            "relief",
            "warren",
            "federal",
            "employer",
            "pandemic",
            "billion",
            "committee",
            "tuesday",
            "balance",
            "president",
            "betsy",
            "waiver",
            "claim",
            "council",
            "joe",
            "benefit",
            "debt",
            "harvard",
            "devos",
            "borrower",
            "brian",
            "project",
            "government",
            "senate",
            "leader",
            "secretary",
            "suspension",
            "authority",
            "million",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "interest",
            "pressure",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "dollar",
            "lending",
            "behalf",
            "gap",
            "services",
            "economic",
            "february",
            "response",
            "january",
            "democratic",
            "massachusetts",
            "plan",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "91": {
        "id": "1611472303.021033",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/investing/premarket-stocks-trading/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump is handing Biden a booming stock market",
        "body_text": "A version of this story first appeared in CNN Business' Before the Bell newsletter. Not a subscriber? You can sign up right here.\nOptimism about the end of the pandemic and support from governments and central banks have rescued the Trump stock market. Now, investors will see if those gains can hold under Joe Biden, who will be sworn in as the 46th president of the United States on Wednesday.\n A look back: Shares shot up after Trump's 2017 tax cuts supercharged corporate earnings, then plunged at record speed when Covid-19 began battering the United States. Since then, however, they've been rocketing higher, repeatedly reaching all-time highs. Deep political polarization and a worsening pandemic have not been enough to hold Wall Street back.\n Despite this sharp rally, stocks under President Donald Trump have not performed as well as they did during the first terms of Presidents Bill Clinton or Barack Obama, according to an analysis by my CNN Business colleagues Matt Egan, Annalyn Kurtz and Tal Yellin.\n And some of the recent increases can be attributed to Biden's win, which investors believe will generate substantial government spending to boost the economy. Stocks have gained about 13% since Election Day as of Tuesday \u2014 the best post-election market performance for a new president in modern history, according to CFRA Research.\n Biden has not put as much emphasis as Trump on stocks as a gauge of the country's strength or wellbeing.\n \"The idea that the stock market is booming is his only measure of what's happening,\" Biden said of Trump in the final presidential debate in October. \"Where I come from in Scranton and Claymont, the people don't live off of the stock market.\" (Per the latest Gallup poll, 55% of Americans have some exposure to the stock market, many through retirement accounts.)\n Even so, Wall Street will be watching to see if market momentum can be maintained. Chatter has increased in recent weeks that corporate valuations, particularly in the tech sector, have jumped too high.\n \"Many investors worry that the equity market has rebounded too far and too fast and that there are signs of excess starting to emerge in parts of the financial system,\" Peter Oppenheimer, Goldman Sachs' chief global equity strategist, told clients this week. \"This is a reasonable concern given that the rebound in equities since the bear market trough in March of last year has been remarkable.\"\n Oppenheimer said that while a correction \u2014 or a 10% decline in stocks from their recent peak \u2014 looks \"increasingly likely,\" the odds that stocks will enter a new bear market, dropping 20% from recent highs, in the next year appear \"fairly low.\"\n He points to expectations of strong global economic growth in 2021 as the pandemic eases, as well as \"unprecedented\" policy support.\n On that front, however, unknowns remain. While Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell has emphasized that interest rates could remain at historic lows for the foreseeable future, the fate of Biden's $1.9 trillion stimulus package will rely on his ability to generate some Republican support. In a divided Washington, that will be no easy task.\n Netflix (NFLX) has come a long way since it launched in 1997 to send customers DVDs in the mail.\n The latest: The streaming service told investors on Tuesday that it now has more than 200 million subscribers globally, after adding 8.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 \u2014 beating its own expectations.\n It wasn't the only sign that Netflix has developed into a mature player in Hollywood and on Wall Street.\n The company also said that it will no longer need to borrow money to finance day-to-day operations, and that it will explore returning cash to shareholders through stock buybacks.\n Investor insight: Shares are up 13% in premarket trading, teeing them up to hit an all time high on Wednesday.\n Competition in the streaming market remains fierce, of course. ViacomCBS' newly rebranded streaming service, Paramount+, will go live in early March, the company said Tuesday \u2014 joining an increasingly crowded field that also includes Disney+, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime Video, Comcast's Peacock, AT&T's HBO Max, and more.\n But investors think Netflix appears to be in a good position to maintain its spot at the front of the pack. UBS, for example, upgraded the company's shares to a \"buy\" rating after it posted earnings, citing continued strong global subscriber growth \"even [against] rising competition [and] robust growth\" in the first half of 2020.\n Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners pointed out on Twitter that while investors previously seemed worried about how Netflix was going to finance its massive content production machine, the tone has shifted.\n The question now, he says: \"What are you going to do with all the cash you will start generating in 2022 and beyond?\"\n Janet Yellen, President-elect Joe Biden's nominee to lead the Treasury Department, has made clear the incoming administration will maintain a tough approach to dealing with China \u2014 setting the stage for prolonged tensions between the world's two biggest economies.\n Testifying before the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday, Yellen promised to take on \"China's abusive, unfair and illegal practices.\"\n \"China is undercutting American companies by dumping products, erecting trade barriers and giving away subsidies to corporations,\" she said.\n Yellen added that while the Biden team would work with US allies, as opposed to acting unilaterally, she is prepared to use the \"full array of tools\" to address such concerns. Biden has said that he will not quickly eliminate Trump-era tariffs on Chinese goods.\n The stance was echoed by Antony Blinken, Biden's nominee to lead the State Department, in his comments Tuesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.\n \"President Trump was right in taking a tougher approach to China,\" Blinken said. \"I disagree, very much, with the way that he went about it in a number of areas, but the basic principle was the right one.\"\n What it means: The battle between the United States and China on trade and technology has been a key source of uncertainty for investors over the past four years. Under Biden, that's not going away.\n Joe Biden will be sworn in as the next president of the United States at 12 p.m. ET.\n Also today: BNY Mellon, Morgan Stanley (MS), Procter & Gamble (PG) and UnitedHealth (UNH) report earnings before US markets open. Alcoa (AA) and United Airlines (UAL) follow after the close.\n Coming tomorrow: Economists expect another 910,000 first-time claims for unemployment benefits, a sign of US labor market weakness.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "reserve",
            "cnn",
            "netflix",
            "polarization",
            "colleague",
            "gauge",
            "poll",
            "powell",
            "paramount+",
            "measure",
            "hollywood",
            "election",
            "term",
            "history",
            "bill",
            "march",
            "strength",
            "version",
            "cfra",
            "october",
            "economy",
            "federal",
            "pandemic",
            "tal",
            "emphasis",
            "clinton",
            "washington",
            "debate",
            "tuesday",
            "president",
            "subscriber",
            "barack",
            "rally",
            "newsletter",
            "research",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "claymont",
            "gallup",
            "analysis",
            "spending",
            "gain",
            "wall",
            "nflx",
            "kurtz",
            "wellbeing",
            "trump",
            "government",
            "jerome",
            "biden",
            "stock",
            "performance",
            "investor",
            "tax",
            "covid-19",
            "yellin",
            "wednesday",
            "sachs",
            "annalyn",
            "optimism",
            "oppenheimer",
            "goldman",
            "egan",
            "earning",
            "donald",
            "peter",
            "matt",
            "scranton",
            "bank",
            "disney+"
        ]
    },
    "92": {
        "id": "1611472303.516459",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/president-letters-to-successor-inauguration-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Read the letters outgoing Presidents left for their successors in the Oval Office",
        "body_text": "Being President of the United States can be lonely and daunting, and only a few people alive know what it's like first hand.\n One of the modern Inauguration Day traditions for presidents leaving office is to write their successors a letter offering best wishes and advice. This is usually left on the Resolute Desk to read when the new president first enters the Oval Office.\n Sometimes the letter are humorous, like Ronald Reagan's pithy note to George H.W. Bush. But they're mostly an exchange of thanks and hope between the two commanders-in-chief.\n Barack Obama wrote to Donald Trump about the importance of civic institutions: \"Regardless of the push and pull of daily politics, it's up to us to leave those instruments of our democracy at least as strong as we found them.\"\n George H.W. Bush wrote to the man who defeated him, Bill Clinton: \"I wish you well. I wish your family well. Your success now is our country's success. I am rooting hard for you.\"\n President Joe Biden also received a note from his predecessor, Donald Trump.\n \"The President wrote a very generous letter,\" Biden told reporters on Inauguration Day 2021. \"Because it was private, I will not talk about it until I talk to him, but it was generous.\"\n A senior Trump aide described the letter to CNN as a \"personal note\" that prays for the success of the country and the new administration to care for the country.\n (On stationary that reads \"Don't let the turkeys get you down\" with an illustration of an elephant surrounded by turkeys)\n Dear George,\n You'll have moments when you want to use this particular stationary. Well, go to it.\n George, I treasure the memories we share and I wish you all the very best. You'll be in my prayers. God bless you & Barbara. I'll miss our Thursday lunches.\n Ron\n Dear Bill,\n When I walked into this office just now I felt the same sense of wonder and respect that I felt four years ago. I know you will feel that, too.\n I wish you great happiness here. I never felt the loneliness some Presidents have described.\n There will be very tough times, made even more difficult by criticism you may not think is fair. I'm not a very good one to give advice; but just don't let the critics discourage you or push you off course.\n You will be our President when you read this note. I wish you well. I wish your family well.\n Your success is now our country's success. I am rooting hard for you.\n Good luck --\n George\n Dear George,\n Today you embark on the greatest venture, with the greatest honor, that can come to an American citizen.\n Like me, you are especially fortunate to lead our country in a time of profound and largely positive change, when old questions, not just about the role of government, but about the very nature of our nation, must be answered anew.\n You lead a proud, decent, good people. And from this day you are President of all of us. I salute you and wish you success and much happiness.\n The burdens you now shoulder are great but often exaggerated. The sheer joy of doing what you believe is right is inexpressible.\n My prayers are with you and your family. Godspeed.\n Sincerely,\n Bill\n Dear Barack,\n Congratulations on becoming our President. You have just begun a fantastic chapter in your life.\n Very few have had the honor of knowing the responsibility you now feel. Very few know the excitement of the moment and the challenges you will face.\n There will be trying moments. The critics will rage. Your \"friends\" will disappoint you. But, you will have an Almighty God to comfort you, a family who loves you, and a country that is pulling for you, including me. No matter what comes, you will be inspired by the character and compassion of the people you now lead.\n God bless you. Sincerely,\n GW\n Dear Mr. President -\n Congratulations on a remarkable run. Millions have placed their hopes in you, and all of us, regardless of party, should hope for expanded prosperity and security during your tenure.\n This is a unique office, without a clear blueprint for success, so I don't know that any advice from me will be particularly helpful. Still, let me offer a few reflections from the past 8 years.\n First, we've both been blessed, in different ways, with great good fortune. Not everyone is so lucky. It's up to us to do everything we can (to) build more ladders of success for every child and family that's willing to work hard.\n Second, American leadership in this world really is indispensable. It's up to us, through action and example, to sustain the international order that's expanded steadily since the end of the Cold War, and upon which our own wealth and safety depend.\n Third, we are just temporary occupants of this office. That makes us guardians of those democratic institutions and traditions -- like rule of law, separation of powers, equal protection and civil liberties -- that our forebears fought and bled for. Regardless of the push and pull of daily politics, it's up to us to leave those instruments of our democracy at least as strong as we found them.\n And finally, take time, in the rush of events and responsibilities, for friends and family. They'll get you through the inevitable rough patches.\n Michelle and I wish you and Melania the very best as you embark on this great adventure, and know that we stand ready to help in any ways which we can.\n Good luck and Godspeed,\n BO",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "respect",
            "united",
            "cnn",
            "chief",
            "george",
            "reagan",
            "melania",
            "godspeed",
            "predecessor",
            "success",
            "tradition",
            "bill",
            "reporter",
            "thank",
            "dear",
            "commander",
            "sense",
            "democracy",
            "elephant",
            "successor",
            "note",
            "lunch",
            "institution",
            "clinton",
            "inauguration",
            "h.w.",
            "ron",
            "pithy",
            "congratulations",
            "politic",
            "memory",
            "thursday",
            "exchange",
            "president",
            "advice",
            "barack",
            "turkey",
            "prayer",
            "resolute",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "war",
            "michelle",
            "instrument",
            "importance",
            "trump",
            "almighty",
            "gw",
            "stationary",
            "mr.",
            "biden",
            "bo",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "aide",
            "barbara",
            "ronald",
            "donald",
            "illustration",
            "oval"
        ]
    },
    "93": {
        "id": "1611472304.5832992",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/donald-trump-leaves-white-house/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump departs Washington a pariah as his era in power ends",
        "body_text": "Donald Trump's era in Washington is over.\n The all-consuming, camera-hungry, truth-starved era that fixated the nation and exposed its darkest recesses officially concludes at noon Wednesday. The President, addled and mostly friendless, ended his time in the capital a few hours early to spare himself the humiliation of watching his successor be sworn in.\n \"We will be back in some form,\" Trump told a modest crowd of supporters who gathered to see him off at Joint Base Andrews. \"So have a good life. We will see you soon.\"\n As Air Force One lifted off for a final time with Trump aboard, Frank Sinatra's \"My Way\" blared in the background.\n He departed a city under militarized fortification meant to prevent a repeat of the riot he incited earlier this month. He leaves office with more than 400,000 Americans dead from a virus he chose to downplay or ignore.\n For his opponents, Trump's departure amounts to a blissful lifting of a four-year pall on American life and the end to a tortured stretch of misconduct and indignities. Even many of Trump's onetime supporters are sighing with relief that the White House, and the psychology of its occupant, may no longer rest at the center of the national conversation.\n At least some of the 74 million Americans who voted for Trump in November are sad to see him go. Scores of them attempted an insurrection at the US Capitol this month to prevent it from happening at all. The less violent view him as a transformative President whose arrival heralded an end to political correctness and whose exit marks a return to special treatment for immigrants, gays and minorities.\n One thing Trump's presidency undoubtedly accomplished: revealing in stark fashion the racist, hate-filled, violent undercurrents of American society that many had chosen previously to ignore. It became impossible to overlook as Trump's presidency concluded with violent riots of White nationalists and neo-Nazis at the Capitol.\n The violent mob attack on the citadel of American democracy capped a presidency built upon disregard for democratic norms, antagonizing government institutions and willful ignorance of the far right's violent and racist tendencies. It will amount to the lasting legacy of a President whose blatant neglect of the truth, in ways both casual and immense, drove the nation to the brink.\n There is no evidence the President has reckoned with the consequences of his actions; the opposite appears to be true. He came to regret a concession video he had recorded at the urging of his family and advisers, who told him he was seriously close to being removed from office. In his first comments after the riot, he refused blame for it and insisted, falsely, that nobody believed his words ahead of it were at fault.\n The events caused an already reclusive President, who had mostly given up running the country after losing the election, to retreat further. His near-silence was helped along by a permanent ban from Twitter, his long-preferred method of communication, a move that propelled him to rage.\n He emerged for a final time on Wednesday, discarding tradition and boycotting his successor's inauguration. Aides said he did not like the thought of leaving Washington an ex-president, nor did he relish the thought of requesting use of the presidential aircraft from Biden.\n The ceremony was modest in scope, though it did include a red carpet, cordons of troops and a 21-gun salute. Before departing the White House, he offered a wave from his Marine One helicopter.\n In a subdued, discursive speech on a windy tarmac, Trump made glancing references to his accomplishments in office but seemed bitter at his loss.\n \"I hope they don't raise your taxes, but if they do, I told you so,\" he said.\n Aides had prepared a speech for the President that included references to the incoming administration and more gracious language about a peaceful transition, according to a person familiar with the matter.\n But Trump discarded the speech, and teleprompters were removed from the stage before he arrived at Joint Base Andrews.\n A person familiar with the matter said the decision was made after Trump read the remarks this morning at the White House.\n \"I wish the new administration good luck and great success,\" Trump said. \"I think they will have great success.\"\n He is expected to be ensconced in his South Florida club when he officially becomes an ex-president at noon.\n Before he left, Trump did write the traditional handoff letter to Biden of the same type his predecessors wrote the men who replaced them. And he greeted residence staff at the White House who saw him off.\n Trump is the first president in 150 years to stage such a boycott. While Pence will attend Biden's swearing-in, other members of Trump's family, including wife Melania and daughter Ivanka, will be absent. The decision is emblematic of a presidency animated by Trump's highly fragile ego and run by officials whose chief concern was managing Trump's feelings.\n Freshly impeached for a second time, this time with support from a few Republicans, Trump ends his term with the lowest approval rating of his tenure. Republicans remain divided on whether he represents the future of their party. He's been shunned by senior leaders in Congress, who were left aghast at his incitement of a mob that sent them running for safety inside the Capitol.\n In his final days, Trump has been surrounded by a shrinking circle of associates, many of them decades younger. Old friends who used to speak with him regularly said they can no longer reach him -- both literally, because he is refusing their calls, and figuratively, because those who are patched through describe a man lost in denial and detached from reality.\n He even had a falling-out with his vice president, Mike Pence, whose characteristic fealty was severed after he heard nothing from Trump while mobs appeared to be hunting him during the insurrection attempt. The two men went for days without speaking after Trump uttered a vulgar curse because Pence refused to unilaterally overturn the election results.\n They appeared to reconcile, but other senior Republicans began breaking with the President, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Rep. Liz Cheney, the No. 3 House Republican. Ten Republicans voted for his impeachment in the most bipartisan impeachment vote in history. While only two months ago Trump seemed assured of dominant influence within the GOP going forward, he has squandered at least some of his sway in his ignoble final acts as President. Now, enraged and seeking revenge, Trump has raised the idea of starting a new political party in recent days, a senior adviser said.\n Trump enters his post-presidency facing swirling legal matters and with the fate of his business empire in doubt. He will retreat for now to his private Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida, where he has established residency, though there are questions of whether he'll be allowed to live there permanently.\n Without some of the protections afforded him by the presidency, Trump will become vulnerable to multiple investigations looking into possible fraud in his financial business dealings as a private citizen. He faces defamation lawsuits sparked by his denials of women's allegations that he assaulted them. And then there are claims he corrupted the presidency for his personal profit.\n Even as he exits the White House, there is little question that Trump's shadow will cloud the capital for the foreseeable future. The matter of his impeachment still lingers in the Senate, which will begin a trial after Biden is sworn in. And Trump's influence on his party's direction going forward will amount to a reckoning for conservatives, who now must decide whether theirs is the party of a president who incited an insurrection on his way out of office.\n Trump has left the Republican Party in civil war. Its leadership remains handpicked by the outgoing President and many of its newest faces are acolytes and beneficiaries of Trump's willingness to break with political norms. But others -- including both those who worked for him and those who have long warned of his dangers -- would rather Trump disappear forever, relegated to fringe politics and zoning disputes in Palm Beach.\n The likelihood that happens seems slim. Trump has amassed hundreds of millions of dollars in a leadership PAC formed after the election that he will be able to use for future political activity, including boosting candidates. There are few restrictions on how the money can be used.\n Whether he runs again himself also remains an open question; when he lost in November he signaled to those around him that he was likely to attempt a return to the White House in four years. But since then, officials have cast doubt on his intentions, suggesting instead he was more interested in keeping the potential 2024 GOP field in limbo rather than seriously contemplating another run.\n The results of Trump's presidency are not particularly mixed. While there have been some achievements -- a reshaped Supreme Court, a dismantled regulatory state and the brokering of diplomatic achievements in the Middle East -- Trump's overarching legacy is one of division and rancor capped by the catastrophic events of January 6, when he had 14 days left in his term.\n From nearly the day he entered office, aides wondered whether he actually enjoyed the job of being president, its mundane daily tasks hardly a fit for a man who had never served in government, did not have much of an attention span and had previously expressed little interest in, say, health care policy or nuclear arms treaties.\n \"This is more work than in my previous life,\" he told Reuters 100 days into the job. \"I thought it would be easier.\"\n Trump had spent his previous decades cultivating a public profile as a savvy businessman and larger-than-life New York City mogul, despite a succession of bankruptcies and collapses. His second act as a reality television star with a penchant for race-baiting conspiracies (such as questioning President Barack Obama's birthplace) led into his third act as president, and along with it an eye toward artifice and spectacle.\n Trump's experience as president was regularly frustrated by the limitations of the executive branch; steps he wanted to take were either illegal or met resistance from Democrats, who took control of the House of Representatives two years into his term.\n Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Trump's ties to Russia proved an immense distraction that preoccupied both the President and his White House. It resulted in the convictions of several Trump associates, many of whom he pardoned.\n Instead of rising to the difficulties, Trump amended the job to fit his own liking. He mostly skipped reading lengthy intelligence documents, preferring in-person briefings that on some occasions left out important information about which Trump would later claim ignorance.\n After attending most of the yearly world leader summits his first year in office and finding them a bore, Trump skipped the ones he deemed skippable in subsequent years, including the ASEAN summit at which America's presence had been traditionally seen as a counterweight to China.\n Most tragically, Trump showed little interest in leading the nation through the coronavirus pandemic, self-styling himself a \"wartime leader\" for a few days before reverting to downplaying the crisis and eventually pretending it did not exist. Even his own serious bout with the disease, which left him struggling to breathe and hospitalized, only seemed to strengthen his resolve to ignore it.\n The more colorful trappings of the job interested him more. A fateful invitation to attend Bastille Day in Paris in 2017 turned Trump on to the thrills of a military parade, which he unsuccessfully lobbied for in Washington for another three years. He produced political spectacles at the Lincoln Memorial, Mount Rushmore and on the White House South Lawn, trampling presidential norms along the way.\n But as he ran a dark and bitter campaign for reelection last year, even many of his advisers wondered whether he really wanted to serve another four years in office. He ignored entreaties on adjusting his political approach to better appeal to women and seniors, insisting throughout that what propelled him to power in 2016 -- anti-immigrant race-baiting, stoking of class grievances and general fear-mongering -- would work again.\n He never adjusted to the reality that \"Make America Great Again\" lost its luster when uttered by an incumbent who'd already had four years to deliver. And amid a life-altering pandemic, he did not seize the opportunity to actually lead the nation through its most trying stretch in memory.\n Now, the capital and the country, led by President Joe Biden, go about the work of picking up the pieces.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "view",
            "congress",
            "score",
            "pall",
            "twitter",
            "melania",
            "nazis",
            "mitch",
            "stretch",
            "virus",
            "south",
            "beach",
            "camera",
            "neo",
            "center",
            "conversation",
            "air",
            "supporter",
            "mar",
            "rep.",
            "humiliation",
            "friendless",
            "republicans",
            "lifting",
            "frank",
            "background",
            "relief",
            "palm",
            "marine",
            "successor",
            "liz",
            "mike",
            "washington",
            "opponent",
            "supreme",
            "capitol",
            "riot",
            "pence",
            "president",
            "andrews",
            "noon",
            "pac",
            "fortification",
            "era",
            "insurrection",
            "occupant",
            "crowd",
            "nationalists",
            "cheney",
            "republican",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "ivanka",
            "leader",
            "capital",
            "psychology",
            "biden",
            "november",
            "majority",
            "truth",
            "sinatra",
            "mcconnell",
            "indignity",
            "wednesday",
            "lago",
            "gop",
            "misconduct",
            "donald",
            "joint",
            "us",
            "court",
            "departure",
            "florida",
            "recess"
        ]
    },
    "94": {
        "id": "1611472305.475755",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/trump-revokes-lobby-ban/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump revokes rule barring lobbying by former officials as he leaves office",
        "body_text": "As his term comes to an end, President Donald Trump revoked a rule he signed early in his term that imposed a five-year lobbying ban for administration officials and a lifetime ban on lobbying for foreign governments.\n Trump had signed the order \"Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Appointees\" within his first week in office as part of his campaign promise to \"drain the swamp\" in Washington.\n But now, as he and his advisers depart the White House, Trump is presumably allowing for those officials to begin lobbying when they leave government.\n The January 28, 2017 executive order required appointees to pledge that they will not \"engage in lobbying activities with respect\" to the executive agency they were appointed to serve within five years after \"termination of their employment\" -- effectively allowing them to lobby other areas.\n As a presidential candidate in 2016, Trump initially called for enacting the five-year lobbying ban through legislation and for a similar restriction for members of Congress and their staff. But his executive order was ultimately free of that language.\n At the signing, Trump slammed former President Barack Obama for enacting a two-year lobbying ban for officials who left his administration, saying his Democratic predecessor's order was insufficient and full of loopholes.\n But Trump's order appeared to borrow language from Obama's directive and a similar lobbying ban signed by former President Bill Clinton, NPR reported at the time.\n Because lobbying can be ambiguously titled in practice, former staffers can still \"shadow\" lobby or cash in on their government expertise by joining firms where they help lobbyists and lobbying firm clients navigate Washington without formally registering as lobbyists.\n Clinton had also nixed the five-year lobbying ban at the end of his tenure, which Trump had criticized during the 2016 campaign.\n \"He rigged the system on his way out,\" Trump said of Clinton as he ran against his wife, Hillary Clinton.\n President-elect Joe Biden, who will be sworn in on Wednesday, plans to implement several new ethics restrictions early in his presidency, including barring employees who leave his administration from lobbying the administration for the length of Biden's term in office, CNN reported Tuesday.\n The ethics rules, first reported by The Washington Post, also would prohibit departing executive branch employees from shadow lobbying for one year after leaving government.\n CNN's Arlette Saenz, Jasmine Wright, Dan Merica, Fredreka Schouten, Athena Jones, Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "respect",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "signing",
            "practice",
            "directive",
            "predecessor",
            "lifetime",
            "hillary",
            "term",
            "bill",
            "dan",
            "agency",
            "cash",
            "arlette",
            "candidate",
            "appointee",
            "shadow",
            "washington",
            "clinton",
            "merica",
            "ban",
            "tuesday",
            "employment",
            "president",
            "athena",
            "barack",
            "campaign",
            "jasmine",
            "elect",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "lobbying",
            "restriction",
            "schouten",
            "swamp",
            "loophole",
            "official",
            "appointees",
            "trump",
            "ethics",
            "government",
            "npr",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "post",
            "diamond",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "wright",
            "adviser",
            "staffer",
            "fredreka",
            "legislation",
            "language",
            "termination",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "jones",
            "commitments",
            "lobby",
            "executive",
            "jeremy",
            "saenz"
        ]
    },
    "95": {
        "id": "1611472305.9385269",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/white-house-spanish-language-website/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Whitehouse.gov relaunches to include Spanish language communications under Biden",
        "body_text": "The Whitehouse.gov website was updated on Wednesday to reflect that Joe Biden is the new President of the United States, and it now also includes a Spanish language section which had been removed during Donald Trump's tenure in office.\n The White House's landing page for its Spanish language communications went dark in 2017. At the time, then-White House press secretary Sean Spicer indicated that the site would be restored, but it never happened.\n The White House's Spanish language communications companion Twitter account, @LaCasaBlanca, continued to operate during Trump's time in office. But the omission of Spanish communications on the White House website was a clear departure from a norm of the presidential office, which had been observed under the Obama and George W. Bush administrations.\n The omission of a Spanish language Whitehouse.gov under Trump was also reflective of sentiments he had expressed on the campaign trail -- asserting that immigrants in the US \"have to speak English\" and that the US \"is a country where we speak English, not Spanish.\"\n Trump kicked off his 2016 presidential platform campaigning on stopping further immigration into the US -- zeroing-in on migrants from Latin America, particularly Mexico, and the Middle East. He ate a Philly cheesesteak on the campaign trail at a restaurant known for the owner's controversial decision to post a sign that said \"This is AMERICA. When ordering, speak English.\" And he even tried to use one Republican primary opponent's bilingualism as a political weapon.\n Speaking about his then-opponent Jeb Bush and the criticisms he lodged in Spanish, Trump said, \"I like Jeb ... But he should really set the example by speaking English while in the United States.\"\n Soon after Biden's swearing-in ceremony, the National Archives also launched its website for the Donald J. Trump Presidential Library, which houses the version of Whitehouse.gov under Trump, archived social media posts and, eventually, research about his tenure in office.\n The Trump Library will be the 15th presidential library operated by the National Archives.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "latin",
            "sean",
            "george",
            "mexico",
            "w.",
            "trail",
            "twitter",
            "bilingualism",
            "site",
            "sentiment",
            "migrant",
            "restaurant",
            "communication",
            "platform",
            "national",
            "library",
            "philly",
            "weapon",
            "whitehouse.gov",
            "spanish",
            "website",
            "opponent",
            "america",
            "sign",
            "account",
            "president",
            "owner",
            "campaign",
            "spicer",
            "@lacasablanca",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "section",
            "j.",
            "omission",
            "norm",
            "archives",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "english",
            "biden",
            "criticism",
            "presidential",
            "cheesesteak",
            "wednesday",
            "in",
            "bush",
            "immigrant",
            "immigration",
            "jeb",
            "language",
            "donald",
            "departure",
            "us",
            "landing",
            "tenure",
            "companion",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "96": {
        "id": "1611472306.866324",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/sonia-sotomayor-kamala-harris-vice-presidential-oath/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Justice Sonia Sotomayor to administer vice presidential oath to Kamala Harris",
        "body_text": "On Wednesday, Vice President-elect Kamala Harris, a daughter of immigrants, and Sonia Sotomayor, the nation's first Latina Supreme Court justice, will meet on the largest stage in the country in an attempt to reset a nation in crisis.\n Harris and Sotomayor will exchange only a few words as they recite and repeat the vice presidential oath, but their presence will mark perhaps the strongest visual cue of an abrupt change of course.\n In choosing Sotomayor to administer the oath, Harris picked an ideological sister who has journeyed the same path, littered with familiar obstacles, to mark a turn in the direction of the country. As Sotomayor delivers the 71 words of the oath, Harris will become the first female Black vice president, a woman born of an Indian mother and a Jamaican American father, and she will join Sotomayor in a small society of women at the top echelon of government.\n Harris was inspired by Sotomayor's legacy, a source familiar with the decision said.\n For progressives -- especially young women, daughters of immigrants, African Americans, Indian Americans, Jamaican Americans, Latinas, children of the projects -- the sight of the two women together will send a strong signal as a new government settles.\n Harris is the daughter of Donald Harris, an economist and professor emeritus at Stanford, and the late Shyamala Gopalan Harris, a civil rights crusader and breast cancer researcher born in India.\n CNN's Abby Phillip asked Harris last week about her mother.\n \"Do you think that she always saw this for you, in you? Did she raise you to do this?\" Phillip inquired.\n \"She did not raise me to be vice president of the United States\" Harris answered, laughing. \"But she did raise me and my sister to believe that we could do anything if we put the hard work into it -- and there you are.\"\n At her own confirmation hearing in 2009, Sotomayor praised her mother, Celina Baez, and recalled her family in similar fashion. Sotomayor's parents left Puerto Rico during World War II and she grew up in modest circumstances in a Bronx housing project. Her father, Juan, a factory worker with a third-grade education, died when she was 9 years old, and her mother was left to raise Sotomayor and her brother alone.\n \"The progression of my life has been uniquely American,\" Sotomayor said, noting that her mother had taught her the key to success was a good education. \"And she set the example, studying alongside my brother and me at our kitchen table so that she could become a registered nurse.\"\n This will be Sotomayor's second time administering the vice presidential oath. She swore in Biden in 2013 for his second term as vice president.\n And to be sure, Harris and Sotomayor share a similar ideological outlook -- and an unwavering distaste for the policies of President Donald Trump.\n Harris has attacked the President from the political arena, opposing his politics. As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, she kept a close watch on Trump's objectives to transform the judiciary. She grilled his Supreme Court nominees, Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett, as well as the myriad of lower court judges who came before the committee as Trump, with a singular focus, transformed the face of the courts.\n Already Harris has chosen to populate her new staff with an unusual number of individuals who see judicial nominations as a priority, unlike the early days of the Obama administration.\n Sotomayor, from her perch outside the political realm, fiercely pushed back during the last four years over the legality of Trump's controversial policies that ricocheted through the courts.\n Just last week her concerns were evident in a case involving federal executions.\n Last Friday, with the execution of Dustin John Higgs, the government executed its 13th inmate in six months. Back in July 2019, then-Attorney General William Barr reinstated the federal death penalty after a nearly two-year pause despite questions surrounding its chosen drug protocol and calls for more deliberation.\n The country may have been distracted by the proceedings against the twice-impeached Trump, but Sotomayor issued a late-night, 10-page dissent. Putting the government's action into context, she said, \"The Federal Government will have executed more than three times as many people in the last six months than it had in the previous six decades.\" Citing arguments made by the inmates and judges in lower court opinions that had been reversed, Sotomayor wrote, \"This is not justice.\"\n Earlier this month, when the court granted the Trump administration's request to reinstate restrictions for patients seeking to obtain a drug used for abortions early in pregnancy, Sotomayor, joined by Justice Elena Kagan, dissented. She called the Food and Drug Administration's requirements an \"unjustifiable, irrational and undue burden on women seeking an abortion\" during a pandemic.\n Addressing the incoming administration, she added: \"One can only hope that the Government will reconsider and exhibit greater care and empathy for women seeking some measure of control over their health and reproductive lives in these unsettling times.\"\n On Wednesday, Trump will not be on the stage, having decided to break with the usual protocol as he leaves office. But the two women, who have blazed similar trails, will recite the oath as the nation eyes a new chapter.\n CNN's Jasmine Wright contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "gopalan",
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "latina",
            "cnn",
            "gorsuch",
            "child",
            "vice",
            "mother",
            "society",
            "oath",
            "crusader",
            "kavanaugh",
            "cue",
            "juan",
            "sotomayor",
            "sister",
            "emeritus",
            "india",
            "crisis",
            "stage",
            "phillip",
            "ii",
            "justice",
            "latinas",
            "committee",
            "source",
            "supreme",
            "presence",
            "puerto",
            "president",
            "neil",
            "obstacle",
            "rico",
            "celina",
            "elect",
            "economist",
            "professor",
            "progressive",
            "war",
            "brett",
            "judiciary",
            "right",
            "shyamala",
            "coney",
            "echelon",
            "legacy",
            "decision",
            "harris",
            "project",
            "sonia",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "government",
            "breast",
            "indian",
            "biden",
            "daughter",
            "attempt",
            "wednesday",
            "abby",
            "amy",
            "african",
            "stanford",
            "immigrant",
            "baez",
            "jamaican",
            "donald",
            "sight",
            "court",
            "bronx",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "97": {
        "id": "1611472307.409628",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/business/trump-pension/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Here's how much Trump's presidential pension is worth -- if he keeps it",
        "body_text": "As of noon today, Donald Trump is entitled to an annual pension of $221,400 and perks worth far more than that.\n So, if the Senate convicts him, it would likely need a second vote to make Trump ineligible for his pension and benefits, according to Michael Gerhardt, law professor at the University of North Carolina. That second vote would remove him from the office of former president, resulting in his losing the benefits of that office, according to Gerhardt. But other experts question whether even a second vote would be able to strip him of the pension and perks.\n \"That seems pretty questionable,\" said Demian Brady, director of research for the National Taxpayers Union Foundation, a government spending watchdog.\n The other benefits Trump will receive, in addition to his pension, can be substantial -- travel allowances, office space and staff salary can top $1 million annually for an ex-president. According to analysis by the National Taxpayers Union Foundation, since 2000 a total of $56 million in perks and benefits was provided to the four current living former presidents.\n Brady said one of the most expensive perks for ex-presidents is office space rent, which has no limits. Former Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama each had more than $500,000 in office rent covered last year, Brady said. Jimmy Carter's rent was only a fraction of that - $118,000. But that was still substantial.\n And Trump, whose businesses have billed US taxpayers more than $1 million for rent and other services since he took office, would be able to be compensated for rent for offices in his own property, according to Brady.\n One perk that Trump will not get that other former presidents receive is health insurance -- a president needs to be in federal office for at least five years to get that perk, so neither Trump nor Carter qualify for that.\n Perhaps the pension doesn't matter that much -- Trump appears to have done fine without his presidential salary during his time in office.\n Trump and the White House have regularly announced that he gave back his $400,000 annual presidential salary to different government departments while in office.\n The law spelling out presidential pensions was passed in 1958, when Harry Truman, then one of two living ex-presidents, was experiencing financial problems. But there have been calls to end or reduce the pension and perks for ex-presidents, especially because most presidents today have significant earning potential from books and lectures.\n \"This law was originally enacted for a hard luck case. In the modern era these ex-presidents have such substantial earning potential that it has become subsidizing millionaires,\" said NTUF's Brady.\n Brady argues even if the benefits come to only $4 million a year, a miniscule part of a federal budget that is in the trillions, it is money that can be saved.\n \"Any opportunity where we can reduce unnecessary spending, we should take it,\" he said.\n In 2016, the Republican-controlled Congress passed a bill that would have set a flat $200,000 a year in pension payments and capped other expenses at $200,000 a year per president. The cost of living increases for the pension would be tied to the same inflation-based formula used to increase social security benefits.\n But that $400,000 could quickly have disappear under the legislation, which cuts the pension and expense payments by a dollar for every dollar that a former president earns above $400,000. So taxpayers are off the hook entirely once a president earns $800,000 a year.\n Obama vetoed the legislation, telling Congress that he did so because the bill also would have terminated the salaries and benefits of former presidents' staff, and made it harder for the Secret Service to protect former presidents.\n \"If the Congress returns the bill having appropriately addressed these concerns, I will sign it,\" he said.\n The legislation never got back to Obama's desk. And while the House passed similar legislation in 2019 after the Democrats took control of the chamber, the Senate never voted on it.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "congress",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "taxpayers",
            "fraction",
            "addition",
            "pension",
            "bill",
            "demian",
            "national",
            "carolina",
            "carter",
            "ntuf",
            "taxpayer",
            "union",
            "truman",
            "brady",
            "michael",
            "law",
            "clinton",
            "expert",
            "jimmy",
            "foundation",
            "vote",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "noon",
            "research",
            "obama",
            "professor",
            "benefit",
            "space",
            "analysis",
            "spending",
            "republican",
            "health",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "perk",
            "university",
            "government",
            "staff",
            "ex",
            "insurance",
            "democrats",
            "limit",
            "harry",
            "gerhardt",
            "allowance",
            "salary",
            "department",
            "bush",
            "secret",
            "potential",
            "watchdog",
            "director",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "property"
        ]
    },
    "98": {
        "id": "1611472308.170642",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/justice-department-special-counsel-rosen-wilkinson/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Trump's acting attorney general leaves without creating controversial special counsels",
        "body_text": "Acting Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen is resigning Wednesday at noon, ending a tenure marked by the things that didn't happen, including no special counsels appointed despite pressure from the White House.\n In his nearly month-long tenure as acting attorney general, Rosen withstood pressure from President Donald Trump, who personally and through White House officials had pushed repeatedly for the Justice Department to appoint a special counsels to investigate matters the President wanted, a person briefed on the matter said.\n CNN has reported that Trump wanted the Justice Department to appoint a special counsel to look into his false allegations of vote fraud. Trump has also discussed having the department appoint a special counsel to investigate Hunter Biden, son of incoming President Joe Biden.\n The Justice Department said no special counsels have been appointed in the past month.\n Rosen's departure makes way for an unusual arrangement to start the Biden administration.\n Later Wednesday, Monty Wilkinson, a career Justice Department lawyer and former Eric Holder deputy chief of staff, is expected to be acting attorney general until Biden's nominee Merrick Garland is confirmed, people briefed in the matter said. Wilkinson is deputy assistant attorney general for human resources and administration.\n And for a few hours until Biden signs an executive order appointing Wilkinson, John Demers, assistant attorney general for the National Security Division, will serve as acting attorney general.\n With Rosen leaving, Demers would normally be the acting attorney general. But Biden is relying on a Trump-era legal opinion that installed Matt Whitaker as acting attorney general after Trump fired Jeff Sessions. Democrats questioned the legality of that appointment, but now Biden is using that precedent to appoint Wilkinson as acting attorney general.\n Demers will stay on for a time under Biden at the Justice Department regardless. Under US law, a Senate-confirmed official must serve as attorney general at all times to handle sensitive national security matters. Demers will be the top official to approve FISA orders.\n Rosen is a former white collar and corporate lawyer who kept a relatively low profile while William Barr took the spotlight as a fierce defender of Trump, before finally exposing the lie of Trump's vote fraud claims.\n After Barr's departure, critics feared Rosen would given in to White House pressure. But despite requests from Trump personally as well as other White House officials, Rosen refused.\n Rosen has also spoken out about the attack on the US Capitol and has helped to oversee the federal law enforcement response to secure the inauguration.",
        "tags": [
            "demers",
            "cnn",
            "leaving",
            "chief",
            "opinion",
            "counsel",
            "acting",
            "jeffrey",
            "deputy",
            "division",
            "national",
            "career",
            "matt",
            "assistant",
            "sessions",
            "barr",
            "justice",
            "law",
            "capitol",
            "vote",
            "precedent",
            "sign",
            "holder",
            "president",
            "noon",
            "monty",
            "resource",
            "whitaker",
            "era",
            "lawyer",
            "joe",
            "nominee",
            "appointment",
            "official",
            "merrick",
            "john",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "staff",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "william",
            "pressure",
            "jeff",
            "arrangement",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "hunter",
            "garland",
            "eric",
            "tenure",
            "administration",
            "fraud",
            "attorney",
            "legality",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "departure",
            "us",
            "demer",
            "wilkinson",
            "rosen",
            "allegation"
        ]
    },
    "99": {
        "id": "1611472309.120161",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/obama-harris-fist-bump-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Obama and Harris share fist bump at inauguration in historic moment",
        "body_text": "Barack Obama greeted Kamala Harris with a fist bump at the inauguration on Wednesday, a gesture that carried symbolic weight as the history-making former president prepared to watch Harris make some of her own.\n The moment came as Harris walked to her seat on the inaugural stage Wednesday morning shortly before being sworn in as vice president. After turning to greet the former president, she softly pounded her gloved fists into Obama's, who had held up his own gloved hands moments earlier.\n The gesture was heavy with symbolism as Obama and Harris made history as the first African Americans to serve as president and vice president, respectively. After greeting the 44th president, Harris similarly fist bumped Michelle Obama, who had made history as the country's first African American first lady.\n Harris on Wednesday became America's first female, first Black and first South Asian vice president.\n The shared gesture with the Obamas was also a clear sign of the times: the inauguration took place as the coronavirus pandemic ravages the country. The virus has caused people to refrain from physically interacting too much with others, for fear that the virus could be transmitted during close interactions.\n The ceremony also contained a number of other coronavirus precautions, including face masks, socially distanced seating and a limited number of attendees.\n Following the ceremony, Harris joined President Joe Biden for a few planned inaugural events before she returned to the US Capitol to swear in three new Democratic senators: Georgia's Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock, and California's Alex Padilla, her successor in the chamber.\n Harris will wield power as the Senate's crucial tie-breaking vote, helping the Biden administration confirm its appointments and giving Democrats the gavels of committees in charge of holding oversight hearings and crafting far-reaching legislation.\n CNN's Alex Rogers contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "ceremony",
            "padilla",
            "cnn",
            "vice",
            "raphael",
            "senator",
            "mask",
            "virus",
            "history",
            "chamber",
            "georgia",
            "stage",
            "bump",
            "coronavirus",
            "pandemic",
            "successor",
            "inauguration",
            "committee",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "rogers",
            "symbolism",
            "vote",
            "sign",
            "obamas",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "california",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "gavel",
            "appointment",
            "michelle",
            "alex",
            "harris",
            "democrat",
            "senate",
            "biden",
            "gesture",
            "wednesday",
            "warnock",
            "seating",
            "ossoff",
            "administration",
            "african",
            "fist",
            "interaction",
            "precaution",
            "charge",
            "jon",
            "us",
            "attendee",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "100": {
        "id": "1611472309.4809742",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/palindrome-date-2021-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Today begins 1-20-21, the beginning of a string of palindrome dates",
        "body_text": "The next ten days are sure to be historic, and it's not just because of the inauguration.\n Wednesday marks the beginning of a slew of palindrome dates, which are dates that can be read the same forward and backward.\n For 10 consecutive days, from 1/20/21 to 1/29/21, the dates are mirrored. And, according to the Farmers' Almanac, this is the first palindrome-number Inauguration Day, with the next one occurring in 1,000 years on January 20, 3021.\n Later this year, we'll have even more palindrome dates -- beginning with 12/1/21 and going until 12/9/21.\n For those that use the DD/MM/YY format -- like in the UK -- there won't be any such palindrome fun.\n But in 100 years, we'll have another date that will be a palindrome date in all formats: 12/12/2121.\n Palindromes can also be phrases, such as \"rats live on no evil star,\" \"never odd or even\" and \"a man, a plan, a canal, Panama.\" The phrase \"A Toyota's a Toyota\" can continue as a palindrome forever, as in, \"A Toyota's a Toyota's a Toyota...\"\n Palindrome comes from the Greek words \"palin,\" which means \"again, back\" and \"dromos,\" meaning \"running,\" according to Dictionary.com. A palindrome, then, is a word or phrase that runs back on itself.\n Emma Reynolds contributed to this report.",
        "tags": [
            "format",
            "uk",
            "date",
            "12/9/21",
            "forward",
            "almanac",
            "12/1/21",
            "rat",
            "panama",
            "mm",
            "inauguration",
            "slew",
            "beginning",
            "dd",
            "dromo",
            "palin",
            "canal",
            "phrase",
            "palindrome",
            "dictionary.com",
            "yy",
            "wednesday",
            "farmers",
            "toyota",
            "plan",
            "january",
            "emma",
            "reynolds",
            "running"
        ]
    },
    "101": {
        "id": "1611472309.9331489",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/hawaii-asl-interpreter-dies-of-covid-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "An ASL interpreter for Hawaii's Covid-19 press briefings has died of the virus",
        "body_text": "An American Sign Language interpreter who helped keep the deaf community informed during Covid-19 press briefings in Hawaii has died from the virus.\n Patty Sakal, 62, passed away on Friday morning at Alvarado Hospital Medical Center in La Mesa, California during a trip to visit family, her sister Lorna Mouton Riff told CNN. Her health rapidly declined after testing positive for the virus and she was unable to return home to Hawaii, Riff said.\n Sakal was a well-known advocate for the deaf community in Honolulu. A child to deaf parents, she was raised in the community and dedicated her life to offering interpreting services in her 40-year career, Riff said.\n Hawaii's statewide ASL interpreting service, Isle Interpret, described Sakal as a \"beloved friend, mentor, and colleague\" in a post to social media on Friday. \"Our hearts go out to her three daughters whom she loved dearly, Aisha, Amanda, and Andrea, and her sweet mo'opuna as they mourn the loss of the pu'uwai of their family.\"\n When Hawaii government officials led daily coronavirus briefings to inform the public of the crisis last year, Sakal was there to ensure the hearing impaired stayed informed.\n \"We were honored, so honored to see her on the Hawaii news interpreting for the mayor and for the governor when Covid started,\" said Riff. \"And she was proud that she was able to, you know, to offer her services for that.\"\n Riff said the community in Hawaii felt reassured to see a trusted interpreter like Sakal helping to relay information during the uncertain times.\n \"She was truly putting herself on the front line and I was always amazed by that and her very positive attitude,\" former Honolulu mayor, Kirk Cadwell, told CNN affiliate KGMB and KHNL.\n Sakal suffered from breathing and intestinal symptoms while infected and was placed on a ventilator at the California hospital. Her family decided to remove the ventilator when it was determined that she would not survive, Riff said.\n In her final moments, the nurses played her favorite jazz music while her family -- via a video conference call -- told her how much they loved her and will miss her.\n Riff says the family has received over 200 message from the community expressing their condolences and sharing how Sakal helped them individually.\n The family plans to hold a celebration of Sakal's life on her birthday, February 24, 2022 when it is safe to gather.\n \"My sister did everything that she should have done for that trip,\" Riff told CNN. \"She wore a face mask, she wore a shield over her face, and she bought a first-class ticket so that she would be more isolated on the plane. And she still got the virus.\"\n \"Clearly, the way that this virus moves and how contagious it is -- the protections that we have been advised to do may not be enough.\"",
        "tags": [
            "hospital",
            "service",
            "child",
            "asl",
            "colleague",
            "cnn",
            "breathing",
            "information",
            "briefing",
            "andrea",
            "cadwell",
            "virus",
            "center",
            "affiliate",
            "community",
            "amanda",
            "career",
            "american",
            "sister",
            "mouton",
            "interpret",
            "crisis",
            "line",
            "coronavirus",
            "lorna",
            "isle",
            "la",
            "pu'uwai",
            "covid",
            "loss",
            "governor",
            "patty",
            "sign",
            "mayor",
            "attitude",
            "california",
            "symptom",
            "mesa",
            "mentor",
            "advocate",
            "interpreter",
            "official",
            "friday",
            "health",
            "medium",
            "aisha",
            "government",
            "ventilator",
            "mo'opuna",
            "post",
            "daughter",
            "covid-19",
            "hawaii",
            "alvarado",
            "honolulu",
            "kirk",
            "trip",
            "medical",
            "sakal",
            "riff",
            "khnl",
            "language",
            "february",
            "kgmb"
        ]
    },
    "102": {
        "id": "1611472310.6963708",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/senate-majority-nominees-impeachment-trial/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "How the narrow Senate majority will shape Biden's presidency",
        "body_text": "In a matter of hours, President Joe Biden will inherit a Democratic-controlled House of Representatives and Senate. But the narrow majorities in both chambers will challenge his administration's agenda, his timeline and the goal Biden set to restore unity in the country after four years of tumult under President Donald Trump.\n Bottom line: When Biden is sworn in Wednesday, we still may not know some of the basic tenets of how the Capitol will function during his first two years. There still is not an organizing resolution laying out the rules that will govern the 50-50 Senate over the next two years. We still have no official word on when there will be an impeachment trial, and the fight over fast-tracking Biden's nominees has already begun.\n Big picture: A normal pace isn't coming anytime soon. Sources have repeatedly told CNN that the next days and weeks will test both parties and the institutions they inhabit. Fights over the constitutionality of impeaching an ex-President are already beginning. Slow-walking Biden's nominees is already underway. And besides the daily business of governing, each party is reckoning with its future. Republicans must recalibrate and decide what their party stands for in the wake of Trump. Democrats -- now finally in power -- must decide how hard they want to push the agenda of their base all the while being governed by a President who has always valued compromise.\n In a matter of hours, the US Senate will change hands. After Biden is sworn in at 12 p.m. ET, three new Democratic US senators will be sworn in at 4:30 p.m., officially cementing a shift in power in the chamber. There is no big vote or ceremonial changing of the guard. Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York will become the majority leader. Sen. Pat Leahy, a Democrat from Vermont, will become the President Pro Tempore.\n Nominations won't necessarily be easy. Missouri Republican Sen. Josh Hawley made it clear on Tuesday that he would slow walk the nomination of Biden's Homeland Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, a potential sign that Biden's fight for even his security-related nominations is going to be hard-fought. In his statement, Hawley said his reason was because Mayorkas had not \"adequately explained how he will enforce federal law and secure the southern border given President-elect Biden's promise to roll back major enforcement and security measures.\"\n So far, no other senator has come out publicly saying they'll stand in the way of Biden's nominees on other key agencies like Defense, Treasury or State or director of national intelligence. The tone and tenor of those nomination hearings on Thursday made it clear that it's likely those nominations will move more quickly. But we still don't have official word that any of those nominations are moving on Wednesday, either.\n On Thursday, the House will vote on a waiver for Lloyd Austin's nomination for defense secretary, a process that will just add a day or two to his potential confirmation. Hawley's move underscores the reality that any member can disrupt -- or at least delay -- Biden's agenda, and with a handful of Republican senators training their eyes on running for President in 2024, expect these moments to come around from time to time.\n Schumer and current Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell met on Tuesday to iron out the organizing resolution for the next Senate. Schumer offered McConnell a resolution that looked almost identical to the one from 2001 between Republican Trent Lott and Democrat Tom Daschle that split committee membership and budgets, established a protocol for how to get things out of committee when they were stuck due to a tie and allowed members of both parties to preside over the chamber.\n McConnell wants to cement another change: a promise to keep the legislative filibuster. Practically speaking, the filibuster isn't going anywhere with or without the organizing resolution. With a narrow majority, Schumer would have to have all of his members and Vice President Kamala Harris breaking the tie to \"go nuclear.\" We know from comments by moderates like Sen. Joe Manchin, a Democrat from West Virginia who is opposed to eradicating the filibuster, that Schumer wouldn't have the votes for that.\n Still, it's a strategic move on McConnell's part and a way to enshrine minority rights. Putting it in the organizing resolution would also start Schumer out in a difficult spot with his base. It would set a precedent for future organizing resolutions and make it harder for Democrats to do away with the 60-vote threshold on legislation. As with all of these negotiations, remember that staff is still working through this. Just because McConnell and Schumer don't sit down in a room to hammer this out doesn't mean negotiations aren't ongoing.\n The timeline for a trial hasn't materialized since the House voted a week ago to impeach Trump for a second time. On Wednesday, Democrats want to make this moment about Joe Biden. Don't expect any announcements. Aides and members we are talking to have made it clear that nothing on the timing of an impeachment trial is expected to be worked out until Schumer and McConnell hammer out their organizing resolution. And Democrats would also like to ensure that at least some of Biden's nominees are confirmed before they lock themselves into a static schedule that comes with the trappings of a trial.\n Ultimately, this is still House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's call, but if anyone understands a political moment, it's her. The extent to which members and aides tell me they are in the dark about what comes next is extraordinary for a town where people like to talk. The effort has clearly been made to make this day and week about Biden and not about the impeachment of the last President.\n Complicating the timeline for a trial is the fact that Republicans are sending signals that they aren't likely to agree to let Biden fast-track nominees in the morning before a Senate trial begins every day at 12 p.m. Sen. John Cornyn, a Texas Republican and member of leadership, told reporters on Tuesday that dual tracking the day \"is not going to be possible.\"\n \"It's Nancy Pelosi's choice because once she sends the article of impeachment over, it displaces all other business,\" Cornyn said. \"If she wants to delay the confirmation of President Biden's nominees to Cabinet positions and prevent President Biden from asking for and receiving additional Covid-19 relief, that would be one way to do it, so they have a big decision to make.\"",
        "tags": [
            "defense",
            "representatives",
            "cnn",
            "tumult",
            "josh",
            "democratic",
            "senator",
            "pace",
            "sen.",
            "york",
            "mitch",
            "shift",
            "pat",
            "schumer",
            "chuck",
            "agenda",
            "constitutionality",
            "chamber",
            "vermont",
            "tempore",
            "tenet",
            "timeline",
            "line",
            "austin",
            "guard",
            "mayorkas",
            "treasury",
            "missouri",
            "institution",
            "et",
            "source",
            "goal",
            "capitol",
            "unity",
            "alejandro",
            "leahy",
            "tuesday",
            "homeland",
            "thursday",
            "impeachment",
            "lloyd",
            "president",
            "vote",
            "compromise",
            "elect",
            "joe",
            "nominee",
            "resolution",
            "state",
            "hawley",
            "republican",
            "democrat",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "secretary",
            "leader",
            "ex",
            "power",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "majority",
            "changing",
            "mcconnell",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "trial",
            "p.m.",
            "donald",
            "us",
            "new",
            "pro",
            "governing"
        ]
    },
    "103": {
        "id": "1611472311.5447628",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/how-to-watch-inauguration/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "How to watch the inauguration ",
        "body_text": "President-elect Joe Biden will be sworn in on Wednesday as the next president of the United States on an Inauguration Day that will look like no other in modern history.\n In a major break with tradition, President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump will not welcome Biden and incoming first lady Jill Biden to the White House and will not attend the inauguration ceremony at the US Capitol.\n The coronavirus pandemic that continues to devastate the nation has also altered inauguration planning. Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris will still take the oath of office on the West Front of the Capitol, but the ceremony will be significantly scaled down and health and safety protocols will be put in place to minimize the risk of spreading the virus. And in place of other traditional festivities, Biden's inaugural committee is planning several virtual events, including a virtual parade after he is sworn in.\n The inauguration will also take place amid heightened security concerns after the deadly riot at the Capitol by a mob of Trump supporters that left five people dead, including a Capitol Police officer, earlier this month. There are approximately 25,000 National Guard troops on the ground in Washington, DC, spokesman Major Aaron Thacker told CNN on Tuesday.\n The National Mall has also been shut down amid security concerns and the general public will not be able to gather on the Mall to watch the inauguration as they have in inaugurations past. In place of a large crowd, Biden's inaugural committee has placed hundreds of thousands of American flags on the National Mall.\n Tune in to CNN or CNN International to watch live coverage of Inauguration Day. CNN's special coverage will also stream live without requiring a cable log-in from 6 a.m. to midnight ET on Wednesday, January 20, to\u00a0CNN.com's homepage and across mobile devices via CNN's apps for iOS and Android.\n It can also be viewed on\u00a0CNNgo\u00a0via\u00a0CNN.com/go\u00a0on desktops, smartphones and iPads, as well as CNNgo apps for Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Android TV, Chromecast and Roku. You can also follow CNN's live coverage on CNN.com.\n Trump and Melania Trump are expected to depart the White House on Wednesday morning on Marine One from the White House South Lawn. They will not welcome Biden or incoming first lady Jill Biden to the White House or attend the inauguration. Vice President Mike Pence is expected to attend the swearing-in ceremony.\n The Trumps will fly on Marine One to Joint Base Andrews in Maryland, where Trump will have a military-style sendoff. Trump is then expected to leave from Joint Base Andrews and arrive at his Palm Beach resort by the time Biden is being sworn in.\n The Bidens will wake up Wednesday morning in Blair House, the President's official guest house located steps from the White House.\n They will attend a church service before the inauguration ceremony at St. Matthews in Washington, DC. Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell and Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer will attend the service, according to sources, and House Speaker Nancy\u00a0Pelosi\u00a0also plans to attend, according to an aide to\u00a0Pelosi.\n Biden will head to the Capitol in the late morning. He will take the oath of office on the West Front just before noon and deliver an inaugural address to the nation. Biden's remarks are expected to be somewhere between 20 and 30 minutes, according to a source familiar with the speech.\n Biden, Jill Biden, Harris and her husband Doug Emhoff will then participate in a pass in review on the East Front with members of the military. Pass in reviews are a military tradition that reflects the peaceful transfer of power to a new commander-in-chief.\n The Bidens, Harris and Emhoff will then visit Arlington National Cemetery to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. They will be joined by former presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton and former first ladies Michelle Obama, Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton.\n Harris is expected to swear in three new Democratic senators Wednesday afternoon after she herself is sworn in as the new vice president, aides familiar with the matter tell CNN. She will swear in Georgia's Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock, as well as Harris' replacement in California, Alex Padilla. An aide to Ossoff says the swearing-in is currently scheduled for some time in the 4 p.m. EST hour, but the timing could always shift.\n Biden will receive a presidential escort from 15th Street in Washington, DC, to the White House, \"providing the American people and world with historic images of the President-elect proceeding to the White House without attracting large crowds and gatherings,\" according to the inaugural committee.\n The committee said every branch of the military will be represented in the presidential escort, \"including The U.S. Army Band, a Joint Service Honor Guard, and the Commander-in-Chief's Guard and Fife and Drum Corps from the 3rd U.S. Infantry 'The Old Guard.'\"\n The inaugural committee will then host a \"virtual parade across America,\" which will feature performances in communities across the country -- much like the virtual program at the Democratic National Convention, which was forced to go online over the summer in efforts to keep the virus from spreading.\n Biden plans to sign roughly a dozen executive orders, including rejoining the Paris climate accord and ending the travel ban on predominantly Muslim countries, on his first day in office, according to a memo from incoming White House chief of staff Ron Klain. He will also sign orders halting evictions and student loan payments during the coronavirus pandemic and issuing a mask mandate on all federal property.\n Biden will then swear in day one presidential appointees in a virtual ceremony.\n At 7 p.m. EST there will be a press briefing by incoming White House press secretary Jen Psaki.\n From 8:30 p.m. to 10 p.m. EST, Biden's team will put on a celebrity-filled prime time special\u00a0in lieu of the traditional celebrations. The special, hosted by Tom Hanks, is set to air live on CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC and MSNBC. It will feature performances from Jon Bon Jovi, who campaigned with Biden in Pennsylvania, Demi Lovato, Justin Timberlake and Ant Clemons.\u00a0Biden and Harris will deliver remarks in the program.\n Later in the evening, Biden and Jill Biden will appear on the Blue Room balcony at the White House.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "cnngo",
            "cnn",
            "ceremony",
            "festivity",
            "vice",
            "mall",
            "planning",
            "melania",
            "apple",
            "virus",
            "south",
            "oath",
            "tradition",
            "history",
            "cnn.com",
            "android",
            "national",
            "supporter",
            "guard",
            "dc",
            "coronavirus",
            "marine",
            "pandemic",
            "jill",
            "mike",
            "washington",
            "inauguration",
            "thacker",
            "et",
            "capitol",
            "committee",
            "riot",
            "tuesday",
            "hundred",
            "amazon",
            "roku",
            "ios",
            "president",
            "safety",
            "flag",
            "aaron",
            "chromecast",
            "elect",
            "spokesman",
            "joe",
            "crowd",
            "coverage",
            "international",
            "harris",
            "tune",
            "lawn",
            "health",
            "trump",
            "officer",
            "thousand",
            "biden",
            "protocol",
            "parade",
            "concern",
            "wednesday",
            "tv",
            "mob",
            "west",
            "major",
            "security",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "risk",
            "troop",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "104": {
        "id": "1611472312.157372",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/twitter-commentary-inauguration-day/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden's first graceful act",
        "body_text": "CNN Opinion contributors share their thoughts on Inauguration Day in real time.",
        "tags": [
            "cnn",
            "contributor",
            "opinion",
            "thought",
            "inauguration"
        ]
    },
    "105": {
        "id": "1611472312.707176",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/middleeast/iran-biden-nuclear-deal-intl-hnk/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Iran's Rouhani hopes Biden will return to Obama-era nuclear deal as he dubs Trump a 'tyrant'",
        "body_text": "Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has called on United States President-elect, Joe Biden, to return to the 2015 nuclear deal and lift sanctions imposed on Tehran by Donald Trump's administration.\n Speaking at a televised cabinet meeting Wednesday, Rouhani said the ball was \"in the US court now.\"\n \"If Washington returns to Iran's 2015 nuclear deal, we will also fully respect our commitments under the pact,\" he said, adding in reference to Trump that \"a tyrant's era came to an end and today is the final day of his ominous reign.\"\n Tensions between the two countries ratcheted up during Trump's time in office, appearing to almost reach breaking point after the US assassinated Iranian general Qasem Soleimani last January. Recent weeks have seen a new round of saber-rattling, amid fears the Trump administration might attempt to provoke a conflict in its final days.\n With Biden -- who was a member of the Obama administration which negotiated the original deal -- entering office Thursday, hopes are high for rapprochement.\n At the meeting Wednesday, Rouhani castigated Trump, saying his four years in office \"bore no fruit other than injustice and corruption and causing problems for his own people and the world.\"\n Officially titled the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA, the landmark agreement was intended to limit Iran's civilian nuclear program, thereby preventing the country from ever developing nuclear weapons.\n The deal, struck in Vienna following two years of intensive talks orchestrated by the Obama administration, was signed by Iran and six other nations in 2015.\n Under the deal, the Iranian government agreed to three key things: reducing the number of centrifuges in the country by two-thirds, slashing its stockpile of enriched uranium, and capping ongoing enrichment at 3.67%, an amount sufficient for energy provision but not enough to build a nuclear bomb.\n In addition, Iran was required to limit uranium research and development, and allow inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) certain access to its nuclear facilities.\n In return for its compliance, all nuclear-related sanctions on Iran were lifted in January 2016, reconnecting the country's stagnating economy with international markets.\n Trump abandoned the deal in 2018, though the agreement itself continues to exist, with Iran, France, the United Kingdom, Germany, China and Russia all still party to it. Since Washington walked away, however, Iran has increased uranium enrichment beyond the limits set by the deal, sparking concern that Tehran could in the future pursue a nuclear weapons program.\n Biden has expressed a desire to return to the 2015 agreement, writing for CNN last year that Trump had \"recklessly tossed away a policy that was working to keep America safe and replaced it with one that has worsened the threat.\"\n \"I will offer Tehran a credible path back to diplomacy,\" the then-candidate wrote in September. \"If Iran returns to strict compliance with the nuclear deal, the United States would rejoin the agreement as a starting point for follow-on negotiations.\"\n Despite this, some had feared that developments in the final months of the Trump administration could bind Biden's hands, as both the US and Israel increased pressure on Iran, potentially undermining future diplomatic entreaties.\n In November, a top Iranian nuclear scientist was assassinated near Tehran, in an operation the government blamed on Israel, while in late December, US nuclear-capable B-52 bombers were flown to the Middle East as defense officials spoke of the potential for a conflict a year on from Soleimani's death.\n While Iran announced this month that it had resumed enriching uranium to 20% purity, and seized a South Korean-flagged chemical tanker in the Persian Gulf, the anniversary passed without any conflict between US and Iranian forces, opening the door for the type of diplomacy apparently welcomed by Rouhani this week.\n CNN's Steve George, Ramin Mostaghim and Mostafa Salem contributed reporting.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "united",
            "jcpoa",
            "vienna",
            "cnn",
            "pact",
            "court",
            "conflict",
            "provision",
            "uranium",
            "iaea",
            "steve",
            "program",
            "saber",
            "corruption",
            "hassan",
            "russia",
            "reign",
            "reference",
            "agency",
            "israel",
            "atomic",
            "stockpile",
            "weapon",
            "tehran",
            "france",
            "third",
            "deal",
            "sanction",
            "action",
            "washington",
            "energy",
            "persian",
            "america",
            "thursday",
            "meeting",
            "agreement",
            "president",
            "china",
            "elect",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "era",
            "qasem",
            "germany",
            "cabinet",
            "commitment",
            "tension",
            "international",
            "landmark",
            "enrichment",
            "gulf",
            "trump",
            "government",
            "comprehensive",
            "centrifuge",
            "biden",
            "november",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "kingdom",
            "rapprochement",
            "injustice",
            "tyrant",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "joint",
            "iran",
            "plan",
            "rouhani",
            "december",
            "soleimani",
            "september"
        ]
    },
    "106": {
        "id": "1611472313.837784",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/world/coronavirus-newsletter-01-20-21-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "What you need to know about coronavirus on Wednesday, January 20",
        "body_text": "A version of this story appeared in the January 20 edition of CNN's Coronavirus: Fact vs. Fiction newsletter. Sign up here to receive the need-to-know headlines every weekday.\nJoe Biden will become the 46th US president today amid one of the darkest moments in American history. One of his first tasks on arriving in Washington on Tuesday was to lead a sunset vigil at the Lincoln Memorial honoring the American lives lost to Covid-19 -- in contrast to President Donald Trump, a long-time pandemic denier who instead minimized the crisis and eschewed face masks as the country racked up by far the largest coronavirus death toll in the world.\n \"To heal, we must remember,\" Biden said before 400 lights were illuminated along the edges of the Reflecting Pool -- marking the more than 400,000 Americans who have died. \"It's important to do that as a nation,\" he added. Biden comes into the White House at the worst point of an accelerating outbreak, and will be responsible for steering a grieving nation out of the economic blight caused by shutdowns, while fixing a confused vaccine rollout.\n State officials across the US say they are running low on Covid-19 shots, with many insisting the vaccine delivery numbers reported by the Trump administration don't align with what they are seeing on the ground, Sara Murray, Jacqueline Howard and Kristen Holmes report. A source close to the Biden transition team said there is huge concern about the accuracy of the numbers that have been released by the federal government. All of this means the Biden team still isn't sure what it will be confronted with when he takes office, but has been hesitant to broadcast that out of concern the Trump administration would stop cooperating altogether, the source said.\n Biden's arrival will conjure the prospect of better days ahead, not least a return of decency to the Oval Office, Stephen Collinson writes. It already looks like the Trump-induced rift with the World Health Organization (WHO) is healing. The Biden administration intends to join WHO's global vaccine effort, the COVAX initiative, Secretary of State-designate Tony Blinken said during his confirmation hearing yesterday, indicating a US return to a multilateral agenda so desperately needed in this global crisis.\n Dr. Anthony Fauci, who will remain chief medical adviser on Covid-19, has faith in the new administration, telling CNN that Biden's goal of a 100 million vaccinations in a 100 days is doable. \"He's going to just manage the heck out of this,\" Fauci said. \"We're going to put all the resources that we possibly can into getting as many people vaccinated as quickly and expeditiously as possible.\"\n Send your questions here. Are you a health care worker fighting Covid-19? Message us on WhatsApp about the challenges you're facing: +1 347-322-0415.\n China is rushing to build a massive quarantine camp -- reminiscent of its efforts at the initial stages of the pandemic last year -- that can house more than 4,000 people, after a Covid-19 outbreak this month that has left tens of millions of people under strict lockdown. The facility is located on the outskirts of Shijiazhuang, the provincial capital of Hebei province, which surrounds the country's capital, Beijing, Jessie Yeung reports.\n On Tuesday, China reported 103 new confirmed cases and 58 asymptomatic infections, which are counted separately, spread out across four provinces. While it has largely contained the spread of the virus, with much of the country returning to normal, this sudden rise has raised concerns ahead of the Lunar New Year, China's most important annual festival, during which hundreds of millions of people are expected to travel to visit family members.\n At least four new variants of the coronavirus are keeping scientists awake at night, Maggie Fox reports. One, first identified in southeast England, has now shown up in at least 50 countries and appears to be spreading more efficiently than older variations of the virus. Others, identified in South Africa and Brazil, have traveled less far and wide but show a constellation of mutations that have grabbed the attention of geneticists.\n A preprint study suggests someone could be infected with the South African variant even if they have had Covid-19 before or been vaccinated. While alarming, experts still emphasize that people should still get the vaccine as it is extremely effective against other forms of the virus and will likely still give some level of protection against the new variant too.\n Important to note: Because the efficacy of Covid-19 vaccines is so high, they are still likely to provide some protection against new variants of the virus, Dr. Rochelle Walensky, incoming director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Tuesday. \"The efficacy of the vaccine is so good and so high, that we have a little bit of a cushion,\" Walensky said.\n Local and federal officials in Brazil were warned of looming oxygen shortages nearly a week before the crisis struck in Manaus, the capital of Amazonas state, the country's Solicitor General has revealed. The Brazilian government has come under further criticism over its handling of the pandemic, as oxygen shortages and soaring Covid-19 cases have pushed the city into crisis. Nurses in Manaus have been quoted in local news reports as saying patients have died of asphyxiation in hospitals due to a lack of oxygen.\n Frustration visibly boiled over with some Canadian leaders Tuesday as Pfizer told the country that it would not receive any vaccine doses next week due to ongoing manufacturing disruptions at its facility in Belgium.After spending more than a month in a Cayman Islands jail, a Georgia teen admits she was wrong to break quarantine rules to attend her boyfriend's jet ski competition.The Seychelles has reopened its borders and dropped quarantine requirements to all travelers who've been vaccinated against Covid-19. A Scottish woman who lived through two world wars and the 1918 flu pandemic has received her first dose of coronavirus vaccine on her 108th birthday.\n On a typical Inauguration Day, hundreds of thousands of Americans flock to Washington, DC, to catch a glimpse of the new president being sworn in. Not this year.\n Government leaders and health officials are encouraging people to participate virtually in the face of rising Covid-19 numbers and worries of a repeat of this month's Capitol riots. Here's how you can watch the festivities and join virtual events safely from home.\n \"One [thing] that I haven't heard enough discussion of, and it's critically important, is collection of data that can be broken down by neighborhood, by zip code, by race, by ethnicity, by gender.\" --  Dr. Rich Besser, president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "lincoln",
            "blinken",
            "cnn",
            "whatsapp",
            "edge",
            "blight",
            "grieving",
            "edition",
            "mask",
            "yeung",
            "collinson",
            "history",
            "fiction",
            "sara",
            "covax",
            "shijiazhuang",
            "lunar",
            "version",
            "anthony",
            "need",
            "weekday",
            "crisis",
            "shutdown",
            "coronavirus",
            "contrast",
            "outbreak",
            "pandemic",
            "vaccine",
            "washington",
            "murray",
            "howard",
            "jacqueline",
            "kristen",
            "tuesday",
            "denier",
            "holmes",
            "president",
            "newsletter",
            "china",
            "joe",
            "headline",
            "sunset",
            "dr.",
            "state",
            "hebei",
            "stephen",
            "beijing",
            "task",
            "vigil",
            "organization",
            "health",
            "tony",
            "rollout",
            "trump",
            "secretary",
            "toll",
            "official",
            "biden",
            "shot",
            "covid-19",
            "death",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "oval",
            "memorial",
            "fauci",
            "jessie",
            "new",
            "who"
        ]
    },
    "107": {
        "id": "1611472314.8783429",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/melania-trump-thank-you-notes/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Melania Trump outsourced writing her own 'thank you' notes to the White House residence staff",
        "body_text": "First lady Melania Trump did not write her own \"thank you\" notes to the White House residence staff who have cared for her and her family for the last four years, according to two sources with knowledge of the notes and Trump's handling of them.\n The 80 or so staff who received the type written notes were under the assumption the first lady had written them herself. Instead, Trump tasked a lower-level East Wing staffer with writing them \"in her voice,\" and she signed her name.\n Several sources familiar with Trump's activities, or lack thereof in recent weeks, have described the first lady as being \"checked out,\" that she \"just wants to go home,\" and is \"not sad to be leaving\" Washington and the White House.\n One of the sources discussing the \"thank you\" notes with CNN said it is customary for first ladies -- and occasionally presidents as well -- to write cards or short letters of gratitude to members of household staff, especially the ones whom they get to know extremely well. Much of the correspondence includes personal anecdotes and the letters become \"cherished keepsakes\" for the residence staff, says the source.\n The butlers, cooks, housekeepers, ushers and maintenance workers do not typically turn over with each administration and many have been working at the White House for a decade or more.\n Melania Trump will be exiting the White House with the lowest favorability rating of her tenure as first lady, according to a new CNN poll.\n At 47%, more people have an unfavorable view of the first lady now than at any point since CNN first asked about views of her in February 2016. The poll, conducted by SSRS for CNN, puts Trump's favorable rating at 42%, with 12% of those asked answering they are unsure of their feelings about the first lady.\n Trump's highest favorable rating was in May 2018 at 57% according to a CNN poll taken at the time, which came on the heels of the first state dinner and Trump's attendance at the Texas funeral of the late first lady Barbara Bush. The first lady went to the funeral without President Donald Trump.\n The first lady has spent the weeks since the presidential election in relative silence, participating in only five public events since November 3, including the turkey pardon, the arrival of the White House Christmas tree, a Georgia political rally, the annual Toys for Tots gift event and the story-reading at Children's Hospital.\n Events with her involving the White House Christmas decorations were not open to the press. CNN was also first to report Melania Trump has overseeing the packing and shipping of her belongings for the family's departure from the White House for the two months.",
        "tags": [
            "hospital",
            "children",
            "poll",
            "cnn",
            "butler",
            "level",
            "knowledge",
            "rating",
            "melania",
            "view",
            "decade",
            "lack",
            "keepsake",
            "household",
            "pardon",
            "worker",
            "heel",
            "tots",
            "favorability",
            "anecdote",
            "usher",
            "georgia",
            "feeling",
            "note",
            "wing",
            "washington",
            "source",
            "maintenance",
            "residence",
            "turkey",
            "president",
            "handling",
            "christmas",
            "trump",
            "first",
            "staff",
            "november",
            "correspondence",
            "housekeeper",
            "administration",
            "bush",
            "staffer",
            "may",
            "barbara",
            "texas",
            "february",
            "ssrs",
            "donald",
            "gratitude",
            "assumption",
            "tenure"
        ]
    },
    "108": {
        "id": "1611472315.391778",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/economy/joe-biden-economy-obama/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Joe Biden wants to avoid the Obama era's biggest economic mistake. Congress may not let him",
        "body_text": "The federal government didn't act aggressively enough in 2009 to fight the Great Recession. And the economic recovery was weaker as a result.\n Joe Biden, as former President Obama's vice president, learned that painful lesson firsthand. That's why Biden is taking a go-big, or go-home approach now that he's inheriting a fragile economy and the worst pandemic in a century.\n Biden's $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan shows that he's determined to avoid repeating the mistakes of the Great Recession -- if Congress lets him.\n \"If we look back and think this plan was too big, that would be a regret that would be fine to live with,\" Jason Furman, one of the architects of the 2009 stimulus plan, told CNN Business.\n Furman, a former top economic aide to Obama, recalled that the team wanted a $1 trillion stimulus package in 2009 -- or roughly 25% bigger than the record-setting legislation that ultimately got through Congress.\n \"The recovery was slower from the financial crisis because the stimulus wasn't bigger,\" said Furman, who served as one of Obama's top economic advisers.\n By contrast, economists say the Biden plan should help the US economy ride out the next six months or so of the pandemic, which has killed more than 400,000 Americans.\n The $1.9 trillion plan includes $1,400 stimulus checks, a $15 federal minimum wage, $350 billion in state and local aid, enhanced unemployment benefits, help for the hungry and $25 billion in rental assistance.\n The goal would be to help Americans in need, especially those whose livelihoods are linked to industries crushed by the pandemic like restaurants, hotels, airlines and cruise lines. The United States lost jobs in December for the first time since the spring. The nation is still down 10 million jobs during the pandemic.\n Crucially, Biden is proposing spending big, for the first time during this pandemic, on the health crisis itself. His plan calls for $400 billion to keep schools open, speed up vaccinations and improve testing.\n \"One of the lessons of 2009 was that the argument that you could start modestly and then keep adding if the economy did not improve ran into a political reality,\" Austan Goolsbee, a former Obama economic adviser, told CNN Business. \"President-elect Biden was there. You can already see they're not going to repeat that scenario.\"\n If enacted -- and that's a huge if -- the US economy would grow by a sizzling 8% in 2021 and the job market would return to nearly full employment by the fall of 2022, according to projections by Mark Zandi, chief economists at Moody's Analytics.\n However, Biden's stimulus plan will face opposition in Congress. Zandi expects Biden's American Rescue Plan will get whittled down to just $750 billion. That in turn would leave US GDP growth at about 5%.\n Goldman Sachs is a bit more optimistic. After Biden released his plan, the Wall Street bank raised its estimate of fiscal relief from $750 billion to $1.1 trillion. And Goldman Sachs now expects US GDP growth of 6.6% this year, up from 5.9% before Democrats took control of the US Senate.\n One vexing problem for Biden is how to convince lawmakers -- and the public -- to add to America's $27 trillion pile of debt. Republicans cast aside their debt concerns to pass the Trump tax cuts and bipartisan spending surges, but deficit hawks are going to make their voices heard again -- as they did during the Obama era.\n There's no doubt that the United States faces an unsustainable fiscal situation. But the Biden team is arguing now is not the time to worry about the debt.\n Janet Yellen, Biden's nominee for Treasury secretary, also knows the firsthand the risk of Congress failing to forcefully address a crisis. Yellen led the Fed at a time when it was under enormous pressure to boost the sluggish recovery from the Great Recession.\n \"With interest rates at historic lows, the smartest thing we can do is act big,\" Yellen told lawmakers Tuesday. \"In the long run, I believe the benefits will far outweigh the costs.\"\n Yellen also emphasized that inequality is a serious problem that must be addressed by bold government policy.\n \"Well before Covid-19 infected a single American, we were living in a K-shaped economy,\" Yellen said, \"one where wealth built on wealth while working families fell further and further behind. This is especially true for people of color.\"\n Some business leaders agree with the need to think big now.\n Asked by CNN Business about the national debt, Walmart (WMT) CEO Doug McMillon acknowledged Tuesday that politicians must address the budget, but not until the pandemic passes.\n \"Let's address the crisis right in front of us. Get growth going in the economy, which is the best way to pay down that debt,\" McMillon, chairman of the Business Roundtable, said during a call with reporters.\n Others fear the United States is moving too quickly given that Congress just enacted a $900 billion relief package last month.\n \"I do think they're doing too much. At some point, it becomes irresponsible,\" said Lindsey Piegza, chief economist at Stifel.\n Piegza described the surging US debt-to-GDP as \"alarming\" and called for a \"smaller, more targeted approach.\"\n Furman, the former Obama adviser, agreed that Biden's proposed stimulus checks \"could be more targeted.\" He suggested a lower income cutoff before Americans would receive the full $1,400.\n However, Furman dismissed concerns about the US debt because the federal government's interest payments are low and falling due to historically cheap borrowing costs. Even the International Monetary Fund, which traditionally emphasizes concerns about debt, is telling countries to be ambitious.\n Recall that deficit concerns, along with the rise of the Tea Party, caused the United States to cut spending during Obama's first term, long before the economy had healed from the Great Recession.\n At the time, the Tea Party was threatening to make the United States default on its debt. And Biden helped lead those tense budget negotiations with Congress.\n \"The premature shift to austerity certainly slowed the economic recovery,\" Furman said. \"For a lot of people, that lesson has been learned.\"",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "americans",
            "united",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "yellen",
            "architect",
            "vice",
            "gdp",
            "walmart",
            "regret",
            "american",
            "analytics",
            "aid",
            "unemployment",
            "zandi",
            "moody",
            "republicans",
            "fed",
            "economy",
            "crisis",
            "need",
            "austan",
            "contrast",
            "furman",
            "pandemic",
            "treasury",
            "assistance",
            "stimulus",
            "package",
            "goal",
            "america",
            "tuesday",
            "wage",
            "janet",
            "president",
            "roundtable",
            "minimum",
            "recession",
            "elect",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "rescue",
            "economist",
            "benefit",
            "state",
            "lindsey",
            "wall",
            "goolsbee",
            "government",
            "senate",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "stifel",
            "covid-19",
            "recovery",
            "sachs",
            "jason",
            "adviser",
            "approach",
            "goldman",
            "ceo",
            "piegza",
            "mcmillon",
            "aide",
            "legislation",
            "check",
            "plan",
            "december",
            "us",
            "wmt",
            "doug",
            "century"
        ]
    },
    "109": {
        "id": "1611472316.2894661",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/world/mars-glaciers-ice-ages-scn/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Glaciers on Mars reveal the planet's many ice ages",
        "body_text": "Glaciers that still exist on the surface of Mars are helping to tell the story of its past.\n The red planet experienced between six and 20 separate ice ages during the past 300 to 800 million years, a new analysis of glaciers on Mars has revealed.\n During the last ice age on Earth 20,000 years ago, our planet was covered in glaciers. Those glaciers then retreated to the poles. These masses of ice left behind rocks as evidence, dropping them while scraping and carving paths as they moved to the poles.\n The Martian glaciers, on the other hand, never left. They have remained frozen on the planet's surface, which has an average temperature of negative 81 degrees Fahrenheit, for more than 300 million years -- they've just been covered in debris.\n \"All the rocks and sand carried on that ice have remained on the surface,\" said study author Joe Levy, a planetary geologist and assistant professor of geology at Colgate University, in a statement. \"It's like putting the ice in a cooler under all those sediments.\"\n The study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Sciences.\n The glaciers on Mars have long posed a mystery to geologists who tried to determine if there was one extended Martian ice age that caused their formation or if they formed during multiple ice ages spanning millions of years.\n Studying the rocks found on the surface of glaciers could answer this question. Levy determined that since the rocks erode with time, the discovery of rocks that shifted from larger to smaller in sizes downhill would suggest one ice age.\n Given that it's not yet possible to visit Mars and study its surface in person, Levy and 10 students at Colgate University in New York state used images of 45 glaciers taken by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.\n The high resolution of the images allowed the researchers to count the rocks and determine their size. The magnification of the orbiter images let the team \"see things the size of a dinner table\" on the Martian surface, Levy said.\n The researchers counted and measured 60,000 rocks altogether. Artificial intelligence would have cut down on some of the work, which took two summers to complete, but AI can't tell rocks apart from the glacier surface.\n \"We did a kind of virtual field work, walking up and down these glaciers and mapping the boulders,\" Levy said.\n Rather than a steady arrangement of rocks differing in size, the researchers observed an unexpected randomness.\n \"In fact, the boulders were telling us a different story,\" Levy said. \"It wasn't their size that mattered; it was how they were grouped or clustered.\"\n The rocks were actually traveling inside the glaciers, rather than on the outside of them, so the rocks didn't erode.\n But they were visible in rings of debris on the surface of the glaciers. These rings help to mark distinct flows of ice that formed during different ice ages.\n Ice ages are caused when the tilt of a planet's axis shifts, known as obliquity, so these distinct ice ages formed separately to reflect times when Mars essentially wobbled on its axis.\n This sheds some light on the Martian climate and how it has changed.\n \"There are really good models for Mars' orbital parameters for the last 20 million years,\" Levy said. \"After that the models tend to get chaotic.\"\n The team's findings have suggested that Mars experienced multiple ice ages.\n \"This paper is the first geological evidence of what Martian orbit and obliquity might have been doing for hundreds of millions of years,\" Levy said. \"These glaciers are little time capsules, capturing snapshots of what was blowing around in the Martian atmosphere. Now we know that we have access to hundreds of millions of years of Martian history without having to drill down deep through the crust -- we can just take a hike along the surface.\"\n The content of these glaciers could include evidence of life that may have once existed on Mars.\n \"If there are any biomarkers blowing around, those are going to be trapped in the ice too,\" Levy said.\n The discovery of the rock bands inside the glaciers is also useful information for astronauts who may one day land on Mars and drill into the glaciers to use its water ice.\n The researchers will continue mapping glaciers on Mars in the hopes of learning more about the planet's past and if life ever existed in its history.\n \"There's a lot of work to be done figuring out the details of Martian climate history, including when and where it was warm enough and wet enough for there to be brines and liquid water,\" Levy said.",
        "tags": [
            "degree",
            "debris",
            "york",
            "academies",
            "temperature",
            "evidence",
            "statement",
            "national",
            "cooler",
            "geologist",
            "assistant",
            "magnification",
            "levy",
            "masse",
            "sediment",
            "planet",
            "nasa",
            "orbiter",
            "mars",
            "professor",
            "joe",
            "ai",
            "geology",
            "analysis",
            "proceedings",
            "state",
            "mystery",
            "resolution",
            "researcher",
            "image",
            "university",
            "sciences",
            "million",
            "colgate",
            "discovery",
            "reconnaissance",
            "monday",
            "glacier",
            "surface",
            "intelligence",
            "planetary",
            "formation",
            "new",
            "pole",
            "author"
        ]
    },
    "110": {
        "id": "1611472316.9222221",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/tech/amazon-biden-vaccine-letter/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Amazon to Biden: Prioritize our workers for the vaccine",
        "body_text": "Amazon wasted no time to reach out to newly installed US President Joe Biden about prioritizing its essential workers in his administration's vaccine distribution plans.\n In a letter sent to Biden Wednesday, Amazon (AMZN) executive Dave Clark wrote that the company \"stands ready to assist\" in vaccinating 100 million Americans in the first 100 days, as Biden has pledged to do.\n As part of that offer, Clark highlighted that Amazon has more than 800,000 US-based employees \u2014 most of whom work in essential roles at Amazon fulfillment centers, AWS data centers, and Whole Foods Market stores \u2014 and these workers \"should receive the Covid-19 vaccine at the earliest appropriate time.\" He added that Amazon has an agreement in place with a licensed third-party occupational health care provider to administer vaccines at its facilities.\n It's not the first time that Amazon has advocated for early access to the vaccine for its essential workers. In December, Clark penned a letter to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices about access to the vaccine \"at the earliest appropriate time.\" Others submitted similar requests, including Uber for its drivers, and the National Retail Federation, which advocated for the retail industry.\n The push comes as worker safety has become an area of intense scrutiny during the pandemic for the company, whose business has surged even as the broader economy has been mired in a pandemic-induced recession. In October, Amazon said more than 19,000 of its front-line US employees at Amazon and Whole Foods have tested positive or been presumed positive for the coronavirus, shedding light for the first time on how its workforce has been affected by Covid-19 after months of both internal and external pressure for more transparency.\n In Clark's letter, he suggested the company can help the administration more broadly, although the details are unclear.\n He wrote Amazon is \"prepared to leverage our operations, information technology, and communications capabilities and expertise to assist your administration's vaccination efforts. Our scale allows us to make a meaningful impact immediately in the fight against Covid-19, and we stand ready to assist you in this effort.\"\n Amazon did not immediately respond to CNN Business' request for further information.",
        "tags": [
            "americans",
            "cnn",
            "uber",
            "disease",
            "request",
            "centers",
            "center",
            "workforce",
            "worker",
            "role",
            "driver",
            "retail",
            "clark",
            "national",
            "october",
            "advisory",
            "economy",
            "transparency",
            "federation",
            "line",
            "coronavirus",
            "pandemic",
            "dave",
            "committee",
            "facility",
            "amazon",
            "agreement",
            "scrutiny",
            "amzn",
            "president",
            "foods",
            "safety",
            "industry",
            "recession",
            "joe",
            "company",
            "fulfillment",
            "whole",
            "health",
            "provider",
            "immunization",
            "biden",
            "practices",
            "pressure",
            "covid-19",
            "wednesday",
            "administration",
            "aws",
            "prevention",
            "december",
            "plan",
            "us",
            "datum",
            "vaccine",
            "distribution",
            "executive",
            "access",
            "employee"
        ]
    },
    "111": {
        "id": "1611472318.076532",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/one-night-in-miami-asks-urgent-question/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The urgent question posed by 'One Night in Miami'",
        "body_text": "Gene Seymour is a critic who has written about music, movies and culture for The New York Times, Newsday, Entertainment Weekly and The Washington Post. Follow him on Twitter @GeneSeymour. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. View more opinion at CNN.\nSomeone once asked me why I watched so much network news when I was growing up. I replied that it was the early 1960s -- I had to keep watching because I was afraid I'd miss something if I didn't.\n This was especially true in 1964, a year significant from the start: it began with a president no one expected in office only a year before. And that was January. The next month, the pop phenomenon known as the Beatles came to America with a thunderous, exhilarating rush. And by the end of that month, in Miami, another phenomenon named Cassius Clay, in his own words, \"shook up the world\" by toppling Sonny Liston from the heavyweight boxing championship, an \"upset\" in almost every sense of the word.\n Now streaming on Amazon Prime and playing at select theaters, \"One Night in Miami,\" the Regina King-directed adaptation of a stage play written by Kemp Powers, imagines a meeting after that fight where the champ soon to be known as Muhammad Ali (Eli Goree) celebrates his unlikely triumph with Black Muslim minister Malcolm X (Kingsley Ben-Adir), football great Jim Brown (Aldis Hodge) and singing star Sam Cooke (Leslie Odom Jr.) in a racially segregated Miami hotel.\n For viewers like me who were alive and aware of events in those turbulent years, watching King's movie is not only a thrillingly plausible rendering of four African American icons poised at the crossroads of their respective lives. It also renders a moment of reckoning in the nation's history where its heritage of racial discrimination was being openly confronted, from the halls of Congress to America's streets. It seems almost an eerie convergence that \"One Night in Miami's\" premiere comes at a similar, even more nerve-wracking moment in our history of race relations.\n Yet, White racism oddly sits along the edges of the movie's action, save for the condescension and dismissal Cooke receives at a performance before a mostly White crowd at the ritzy Copacabana nightclub and another moment early in the film when Brown, the greatest fullback in pro football history, visits his birthplace at St. Simons Island in Georgia, en route to Miami.\n He drops by a mansion belonging to a White man named Carlton (Beau Bridges), whom he knew in childhood. Carlton is all smiles and approbation on his front porch, extolling the prodigal hero for having completed a record-setting 1963 NFL season of 1,863 rushing yards. Carlton then says he has to go back inside to move some heavy furniture. When Brown offers to help, Carlton, barely missing a beat in their conversation, assures him it's not necessary and besides, \"We don't allow n***ers in the house.\"\n If you know anything about Jim Brown's reputation for seeming indestructible and unconquerable, you'd think nothing could ever hurt him -- until this moment. And yet something about Hodge's demeanor in the role at that moment registers ... not anger, exactly, but a watchful resignation. It's shock without surprise over the way he's been treated, similar to how many African Americans today view the resurgence of White supremacism in public spaces. A sentiment that says at once, \"The more things change ...\" and \"So what now?\"\n This, in a sense, is the essential question posed by \"One Night in Miami\": How do Black people negotiate lives for themselves in the face of White racism that seems never to go away -- no matter how many laws are enacted, political victories won or yards gained on the gridiron?\n For Cooke, one of the most popular singers of the emergent soul-music era, it's about securing ownership over the terms of his career, where he performs and what he creates. Malcolm X is skeptical that Cooke can achieve this goal by actively continuing to seek greater \"crossover\" appeal with White as well as Black audiences. Brown backs Cooke on this as he is starting to think he should stop lugging a football through tacklers for pay and put his good looks before movie cameras. And aren't they doing what Malcolm has urged Black people to do all along? To seek economic independence and self-determination independent of White expectations?\n But Malcolm had his own issues with independence. At this point in his life, he was estranged from the Nation of Islam and very close to breaking off his relationship with the organization. Clay, meanwhile, was about to publicly declare himself a Black Muslim and change his name to Muhammad Ali.\n In the film, their complex fates seem to clash with each other. And yet, the film's power comes in showing in retrospect how there can be many ways for Black people to seek and find their personal autonomy, no matter what the odds.\n They didn't all get what they wanted. The movie mentions at the end that Malcolm would be assassinated a year later. But it doesn't mention that in December of 1964, Cooke would be shot to death at age 33 by a motel manager in an incident still shrouded in mystery.\n Also not mentioned at the end: Ali's future victories and vicissitudes in the ring and his refusal to enter the draft for religious reasons were ahead of him, while Brown opted to leave the NFL for Hollywood and a lucrative film career. As part of his ongoing activism, Brown also organized other Black athletes in support of Ali's anti-draft stance.\n These details are illuminating, but maybe it's not necessary to have all this information trailing you at the end of \"One Night in Miami.\" The actors' performances are altogether superb at making history come alive, in playing these four troubled, but determined men who still have much to teach Black and White audiences alike how best to cope with the seemingly unstoppable monster of racism and injustice.",
        "tags": [
            "muhammad",
            "king",
            "cnn",
            "gene",
            "opinion",
            "twitter",
            "aldis",
            "york",
            "cooke",
            "network",
            "triumph",
            "prime",
            "regina",
            "viewer",
            "history",
            "hotel",
            "hodge",
            "adir",
            "muslim",
            "sense",
            "ben",
            "stage",
            "theater",
            "heritage",
            "football",
            "entertainment",
            "liston",
            "washington",
            "jr.",
            "phenomenon",
            "kemp",
            "america",
            "movie",
            "amazon",
            "meeting",
            "discrimination",
            "cassius",
            "president",
            "odom",
            "miami",
            "crossroad",
            "championship",
            "goree",
            "malcolm",
            "sam",
            "ali",
            "leslie",
            "rendering",
            "night",
            "pop",
            "adaptation",
            "sonny",
            "weekly",
            "times",
            "post",
            "powers",
            "@geneseymour",
            "x",
            "culture",
            "minister",
            "critic",
            "commentary",
            "newsday",
            "clay",
            "icon",
            "beatles",
            "jim",
            "eli",
            "music",
            "seymour",
            "january",
            "new",
            "champ",
            "author",
            "kingsley"
        ]
    },
    "112": {
        "id": "1611472318.993938",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/howard-u-drumline-harris-inauguration-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The Howard University marching band escorted Vice President Kamala Harris to the White House",
        "body_text": "Howard University's marching band has taken part in presidential inaugurations before. But during Wednesday's inaugural parade, they escorted one of their own.\n The renowned Showtime Marching Band accompanied Vice President Kamala Harris -- an alumna of Howard University -- to the White House shortly after she took her oath of office, along with President Joe Biden.\n LIVE UPDATES: The inauguration of Joe Biden\n \"Throughout her career, the vice president-elect has carried her Howard education with her, ensuring that she adhere to truth and service and inspiring her to achieve unprecedented levels of excellence,\" said Howard University President Wayne A. I. Frederick in a statement.\n \"It is perfectly fitting that the Showtime Marching Band, the ensemble that captures and reverberates the heartbeat of our institution, should accompany her on this last leg of her journey to the White House.\"\n The band performed a special drum cadence, and was represented by members of the drumline, the Flashy Flag Squad and Ooh La La dancers, according to a news release from Howard University. Because of the coronavirus pandemic, less than a third of the full band was in attendance.\n \"We are proud to unite safely as a band to represent Howard University, Vice President-elect Kamala Harris and all HBCUs across the country,\" Kelvin Washington, the Howard University band director, said in a statement. \"It's a very gracious opportunity for us, and we're very thankful for it.\"\n Several HBCUs, including Howard, also participated in a Battle of the Bands during an inaugural event on Tuesday.\n Harris is the nation's first female, first Black and first South Asian vice president. She is also the first graduate of a historically Black college or university, a badge she's worn with pride.\n \"It was that steady pulse of her Alma Mater's legacy that propelled her forward, and it is that same rhythm that will carry her onward as she undoubtedly will become one of the most influential vice presidents in the history of our nation,\" Frederick said.\n The drumline of the University of Delaware, Biden's alma mater, also performed at the inauguration.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "cadence",
            "updates",
            "wayne",
            "vice",
            "level",
            "release",
            "frederick",
            "heartbeat",
            "marching",
            "showtime",
            "drumline",
            "dancer",
            "oath",
            "squad",
            "statement",
            "career",
            "mater",
            "ensemble",
            "coronavirus",
            "third",
            "flashy",
            "pandemic",
            "institution",
            "washington",
            "la",
            "howard",
            "inauguration",
            "battle",
            "tuesday",
            "attendance",
            "president",
            "flag",
            "alumna",
            "elect",
            "joe",
            "alma",
            "journey",
            "bands",
            "opportunity",
            "harris",
            "delaware",
            "excellence",
            "i.",
            "university",
            "biden",
            "ooh",
            "band",
            "kelvin",
            "parade",
            "truth",
            "wednesday",
            "hbcu",
            "a.",
            "director",
            "capture",
            "drum",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "113": {
        "id": "1611472319.890709",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/fate-of-trumps-tweets-matters-for-history-gitelman/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "How will history remember the Twitter President?",
        "body_text": "Lisa Gitelman is a professor in the departments of English and Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University. Her most recent book is \"Paper Knowledge: Toward a Media History of Documents.\" The views expressed in here are the author's own. Read more opinion on CNN.\nThe President who tweets is now gone from Twitter. Whether they followed @realDonaldTrump or not, Americans are now facing a jarring readjustment -- on top of what is otherwise already a moment of national crisis (or several). To know that daily life is now no longer subject to the sudden insults, dire policy pronouncements or signal-boosting of conspiracy theories that made up the soon to be former President's feed is, for many, a comfort. But the suspension of @realDonaldTrump doesn't erase the meaning or power exerted by the last four years of his tweets.\n Recent cries of \"censorship\" from right-wing figures invoking British author George Orwell make this plain. Even as the de-platformed, who include more than Trump himself, and the pundit class focus on possible destinations for continuing their far-right conversation online, missing tweets by President Donald J. Trump still matter for a different reason. We may no longer see them, but they are, in very real ways, still with us.\n At stake is how his social media posts will survive as part of the historical record as well as how we should remember @realDonaldTrump. Historians and others are already raising important questions about what aspects of America's recent history are at risk of being lost if the President's tweets are not properly preserved in their full context. No other commander in chief has executed as much of his presidency on Twitter as Trump has. To lose access to that material would be to lose sight of what made Trump Trump for much of the time he was in office.\n There is, of course, a more immediate reason his tweets should be available for both lawmakers and the public to see. The historic second impeachment of a sitting president hinges on accusations of incitement in relation to the insurrection at the US Capitol. While Exhibit A in any trial before the Senate could certainly be Trump's speech at the protest rally on January 6, attended by many who later turned toward the Capitol and became a violent mob, it is not too difficult to imagine that Exhibits B, C and D are likely to be Trump tweets. When the Senate tries Trump, as when history eventually judges him, the contexts for his words -- not just the words themselves -- will be critical to understand.\n And mustn't the contexts of tweets, in both cases, somehow include Twitter? Taking words off platform robs them of their original context. Unless we can see the ways Trump's tweets appeared in his feed and a follower's timeline, it will be difficult to judge their full meanings.\n The Library of Congress once tried to archive Twitter -- all of it -- but a usable collection of tweets never materialized. We can expect that the National Archive will do a better job with Trump's tweets, since it's been working with Twitter to capture them and make them accessible when the rest of his records are made publicly available. However, all presidential records are embargoed for five years.\n At least one private collection of Trump's tweets (including deleted ones) exists now, publicly available at thetrumparchive.com, courtesy of a programmer named Brendan. And as the National Archive prepares to receive Trump's official papers starting on January 20, officials have assured the public that all of his tweets will be included.\n But any Twitter user knows that something is lost when tweets are separated from Twitter: the social part of social media. How might we recover or document the ways that tweets originally appeared online, not just how many \"likes\" and retweets they garnered, but by whom? How were they interlinked with other content and replied to, trending and streamed in the moment by Twitter's algorithms? \"Covfefe\" made sense somehow on Twitter in 2017 (to the extent that everyone knew what you were referring to if you said it). How exactly did \"LIBERATE MICHIGAN\" make sense in 2020 and to whom? Those are questions historians and others looking back decades from now may well be asking. Considering how often the word \"unprecedented\" has been used to describe this administration, it's clear those answers and many more will matter to future generations (and to our own).\n This isn't the first time that innovations in communication have prompted questions about the historical record. When President Ronald Reagan left office in January 1989 email presented a new problem, so much so that an epic tangle of litigation ensued. Archivists and historians wanted to be sure that emails were preserved, and they agreed that printouts (which might lack relevant information about transmission) were not satisfactory. This dispute helped to raise public awareness about electronic records, and it helped to create consensus among professional archivists about relevant best practices.\n We face another such moment today, now that electronic records include those that are native to our smartphones and social media platforms. What's more, lawmakers and the public remain rightly concerned that all sorts of other materials relating to the outgoing administration may be at peril. At least one lawsuit is already underway in the hopes of preventing the outgoing administration from destroying records created using unofficial channels like WhatsApp.\n The de-platforming of Trump and QAnon-related accounts has called renewed attention to the role that private corporations have been allowed to play in regulating political speech. Americans also need to be attentive to the role those corporations have assumed in creating and collecting, if not preserving, the historical record.\n So far, self-appointed individuals and private non-profits have been leading some notable preservation efforts. All of Parler, we learn, has been scraped -- that is saved -- by a hacker calling herself @donk_enby, who sprang into action when Amazon Web Services announced last week that it would stop hosting the conservative platform. And over at the Internet Archive (archive.org) users can browse an inspiring collection of obsolete webpages, but they should expect lots of dead links and zero dynamic content. Is that what we should expect from a historical collection of social media?\n As Twitter without @realDonaldTrump turns its attentions elsewhere -- Sports and K-pop are trending as I write this -- it can't hurt to be a little more self-conscious about social media as a kind of participatory history in the making. For one thing, that might make us more judicious users of social media.",
        "tags": [
            "destination",
            "media",
            "americans",
            "congress",
            "gitelman",
            "cnn",
            "@realdonaldtrump",
            "whatsapp",
            "insult",
            "george",
            "qanon",
            "theory",
            "knowledge",
            "twitter",
            "opinion",
            "york",
            "d",
            "reagan",
            "parler",
            "view",
            "readjustment",
            "meaning",
            "covfefe",
            "communication",
            "history",
            "focus",
            "figure",
            "orwell",
            "national",
            "library",
            "tweet",
            "archive",
            "de",
            "crisis",
            "lisa",
            "wing",
            "power",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "internet",
            "brendan",
            "b",
            "platformed",
            "amazon",
            "president",
            "liberate",
            "professor",
            "document",
            "j.",
            "plain",
            "exhibits",
            "michigan",
            "policy",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "web",
            "university",
            "medium",
            "english",
            "boosting",
            "comfort",
            "suspension",
            "censorship",
            "pundit",
            "conspiracy",
            "department",
            "culture",
            "services",
            "pronouncement",
            "ronald",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "us",
            "new",
            "author"
        ]
    },
    "114": {
        "id": "1611472320.63283",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/climate-environment-biden-trump-regulations/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden puts Trump's climate and environmental rollbacks in his crosshairs",
        "body_text": "Among incoming President Joe Biden's Day One priorities: Begin rolling back climate and environmental policies of the Trump administration, many of which were rollbacks of Obama-era or earlier rules.\n Biden's advisers have compiled a list of more than 100 rules and policies developed by the Trump administration that it sees as targets for review, CNN has learned. Each of the policies relate to environmental conservation and climate change and are linked to an executive order Biden intends to sign on public health and the environment.\n Many items on the list are key targets of criticism by the environmental groups that accused the Trump administration of disregarding the hazards of climate change and being overly sympathetic to the wishes of industry.\n The list for review includes a policy President Donald Trump's Environmental Protection Agency called \"the largest deregulatory initiative of this administration\": the replacement of Obama-era fuel efficiency rules for cars. It also targets the administration's decision that would allow roads and logging in a pristine part of the country's largest national forest, and Trump's changes that would gum up the process of protecting vulnerable flora and fauna with the Endangered Species Act.\n Included on the list are several changes to household utilities that Trump touted at his rallies.\n Energy efficiency limits, he said, complicated washing his \"beautiful hair properly\" under weak showerheads, and drew complaints and rendered dishwashers ineffective. His energy secretary overturned a tightening of lightbulb rules after the President told his crowds new lightbulb technology are the reason \"I always look orange.\"\n Some of the policies may be easier than others to halt, prevent from taking effect, or overturn.\n A May 2020 policy on mineral ownership in part of North Dakota, for example, was a legal memorandum, and could be reversed with an updated legal memorandum by Biden appointees. The administration also overturned through legal memorandum a 25-year-old policy protecting the sand along protected shoreline from being sold off.\n The bulk of the Biden team's nine-page list may be complicated to rescind or reverse because the Trump administration wrote them into formal regulations.\n There are other avenues the Biden administration could pursue, though.\n With a Democratic majority -- however slim -- in both houses of Congress, the administration could also look to Capitol Hill for help. The Congressional Review Act would allow lawmakers and Biden to together overturn agency rules in recent months. Trump and the Republican majorities in Congress used the rule to roll back moves by the Obama administration soon after he took office.\n It could also choose to side with the groups challenging virtually every major environmental and energy decision by the Trump administration in court.\n It won't have to look far, either. Perhaps the most recent challenge, this time to roll back of bird protections, was filed by a coalition of environmental groups on Tuesday -- the day before Biden took office.",
        "tags": [
            "target",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "car",
            "fauna",
            "agency",
            "conservation",
            "energy",
            "capitol",
            "fuel",
            "species",
            "tuesday",
            "president",
            "item",
            "climate",
            "hill",
            "process",
            "industry",
            "rally",
            "era",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "flora",
            "hazard",
            "replacement",
            "dakota",
            "environmental",
            "endangered",
            "trump",
            "policy",
            "health",
            "utility",
            "efficiency",
            "review",
            "biden",
            "protection",
            "criticism",
            "limit",
            "rollback",
            "administration",
            "forest",
            "adviser",
            "may",
            "environment",
            "initiative",
            "donald",
            "priority",
            "congressional",
            "decision"
        ]
    },
    "115": {
        "id": "1611472321.180616",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/biden-mcconnell-inauguration-prayer-axelrod/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden's hope and a prayer",
        "body_text": "David Axelrod, a senior CNN political commentator and host of \"The Axe Files,\" was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 and 2012 Obama presidential campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his. View more opinion on CNN.\nIt was a small footnote to the reporting leading up the change of power in Washington that suggested a larger meaning: President-elect Biden had invited the four top congressional leaders, including Sen. Mitch McConnell, to join him at a church service before Wednesday's Inauguration.\n Bipartisan prayer services are customary before Inaugurations, but these are no ordinary times, and this is no ordinary Inauguration, as President Donald Trump's absence will reflect. Still, I found Biden's reported outreach to McConnell noteworthy and revealing.\n It's not that McConnell, whose relentless opposition to President Barack Obama's agenda infuriated Democrats, is going to suddenly submit to Biden's. Though the two are friends and former Senate colleagues, McConnell's focus has always been on power. For the Kentuckian, whose tenure as majority leader will end Wednesday, the priority will be to elect more Republicans and regain that perch in next year's midterms. He's not sentimental. Friendship has its place. Cooperation will have its limits.\n But the meaning of the moment shouldn't be dismissed.\n After making unity the mantra of his campaign and transition, Biden thoroughly understands the symbolic value of his invitation to McConnell and the other leaders. In a post-Trump era, it marks a small but valuable rite of civility that should not be lost on a country riven by division. More than that, it reflects Biden's understanding that while bipartisanship in a deeply divided country will be hard to come by, relationships are important.\n Biden's past friendships with Republican colleagues and refusal to give up on them were held up by some in the Democratic primaries last year as hopeless nostalgia, naivet\u00e9 or worse. But the promise to try to work across the aisle is seen as a strength by a majority of Americans who are hungering for more civility and cooperation after Trump's scorched earth presidency.\n With 36 years in the Senate, Biden as vice president was a useful emissary to Capitol Hill for Obama, a relative newcomer who had fewer deep friendships there.\n I recall listening to McConnell's opening comments to Obama during the President's first private meeting at the White House with the Republican and Democratic congressional leaders. \"A lot of us don't think you should be here, but you won and we're prepared to work with you,\" he told the President, a Black man two decades his junior, who had spent relatively few years in the Senate.\n It's unclear whether any amount of wooing would have changed the history of that relationship or the hardening partisan divides in Washington. Resistance became the stratagem of choice for McConnell. So it often fell to Biden, at key moments, to negotiate for the administration. Biden is proudly, unapologetically a politician who enjoys the company of other politicians. And as a veteran of six terms in the Senate, he's had plenty of practice haggling with his colleagues on both sides of the aisle to achieve progress.\n None of this necessarily portends a new season of cooperation in Washington.\n Biden will take his oath inside of a militarized green zone surrounding a besieged Capitol, where 147 Republicans, including eight senators, were so fearful of their Trump-torqued base that they voted to overturn the certified election results of two states. There will inevitably be clashes over genuine differences and the relentless pounding by forces of division and disinformation, intent on halting progress.\n But with 400,000 dead in a still raging pandemic and 10 million or more out of work, maybe, just maybe, Biden's approach will produce surprising results.\n That is something for which we should all hope and pray as Biden and McConnell share devotions before the demanding work of rebuilding our country begins.",
        "tags": [
            "service",
            "church",
            "americans",
            "absence",
            "colleague",
            "cnn",
            "strategist",
            "opinion",
            "friendship",
            "sen.",
            "mitch",
            "view",
            "perch",
            "meaning",
            "axe",
            "focus",
            "resistance",
            "agenda",
            "kentuckian",
            "files",
            "republicans",
            "outreach",
            "nostalgia",
            "opposition",
            "washington",
            "inauguration",
            "commentator",
            "reporting",
            "capitol",
            "power",
            "president",
            "cooperation",
            "barack",
            "hill",
            "campaign",
            "prayer",
            "elect",
            "obama",
            "axelrod",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "david",
            "leader",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "footnote",
            "naivet\u00e9",
            "mcconnell",
            "host",
            "majority",
            "wednesday",
            "limit",
            "adviser",
            "commentary",
            "donald",
            "midterm",
            "priority",
            "tenure"
        ]
    },
    "116": {
        "id": "1611472322.2472692",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/trump-abuses-pardon-powers-last-day-honig/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The worst of Trump's pardons",
        "body_text": "Elie Honig is a CNN legal analyst and former federal and state prosecutor. The views expressed in this commentary are his own. Read more opinion on CNN. Watch Honig answer readers' questions on \"CNN Newsroom with Ana Cabrera\" on weekends.\nIn his final full day in office, President Donald Trump refrained from the most outrageous possible abuses of the pardon power. Perhaps wary of causing political backlash, given his impending Senate impeachment trial, Trump has not pardoned himself, his children or his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani.\n But make no mistake: With his final batch of 73 pardons and 70 sentence commutations, Trump offered up one last burst of cronyism and self-dealing. While Trump issued pardons to several recipients whose cases had been rightly advocated by criminal justice reform groups, he also doled out free passes to an unseemly lineup of criminals who apparently have been granted mercy based largely on their personal connections to Trump, their wealth and access or their status as celebrity objects of fascination.\n This is, needless to say, not how pardons are supposed to work. The best way to understand Trump's abuse of the pardon power is by comparing his actions to those of his immediate predecessors. President Barack Obama issued far more pardons and commutations than Trump has. But the vast majority of Obama's grants of leniency went to nonviolent drug offenders who had received harsh prison sentences and to whom Obama had no personal or political connections -- while Trump's pardons have gone largely to his own political and personal allies and other well-connected recipients.\n President George W. Bush wrote that he was taken aback by the last-minute blitz of pardon requests from well-connected individuals during his final days in office. Bush resolved not to grant any such requests but rather to consider only those pardon applications that had been vetted by the Justice Department's Office of the Pardon Attorney (who traditionally provides nonbinding guidance to the President to ensure that pardons are properly vetted and equitable). In contrast, Trump has largely ignored the pardon attorney.\n Here's a rundown of the most odious of the pardons and commutations that Trump granted in his final hours, in his own version of Pardongate:\n The closest comparison for Trump's endgame pardon blitz happened on President Bill Clinton's last day in office in January 2001, when Clinton doled out over 130 pardons to a group that included his personal and political allies, political donors and his own half-brother. Clinton's actions became known as Pardongate and prompted a federal criminal investigation (which did not result in charges). We'll see if Trump's closing flurry of pardons will bring a similar response.\n Yes. There is historical precedent for impeaching and trying a federal official after he has left office. On March 2, 1876, Secretary of War William Belknap resigned under political pressure. Later that day, the House impeached Belknap. Then, in August 1876, the Senate held Belknap's impeachment trial (and ultimately acquitted him).\n Common sense leads to the same result. Article I of the Constitution permits Congress to disqualify an officer from holding future office. What happens, then, if a president commits an egregious act on his last full day in office, January 19? There would not be time to impeach and formally try and convict that president before he leaves office at noon the next day. So, the only practical way to effectuate the Constitution's disqualification provision is by holding impeachment proceedings after the president has left office.\n Yes, but the confusion here is understandable. Article II of the Constitution provides that the President \"shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of impeachment.\"  The language here is ambiguous. Read one way, it could appear to say that after the President is impeached by the House, he loses the power to issue pardons. But read another way, it says that the President can issue pardons for criminal offenses but not for impeachment.\n The latter reading is correct. There is no provision anywhere in the Constitution, statutes or case law that strips a President of any power solely upon impeachment by the House (though, of course, if convicted in the Senate, the President loses the office and all of its powers).\n It would be anomalous for the President to lose only one power -- the power to pardon -- upon impeachment alone.  Indeed, all three Presidents who have been impeached -- Andrew Johnson, Bill Clinton and Trump (the first time) -- issued many pardons after their impeachments.\n Rather, the clause in Article II means that while a President can pardon an official (or any person) for a crime, he cannot pardon an official out of impeachment. In other words, the President does not have power to un-impeach.",
        "tags": [
            "states",
            "child",
            "united",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "impeach",
            "weekend",
            "abuse",
            "george",
            "w.",
            "opinion",
            "honig",
            "andrew",
            "view",
            "burst",
            "self",
            "recipient",
            "dealing",
            "ana",
            "pardon",
            "elie",
            "constitution",
            "bill",
            "blitz",
            "march",
            "wealth",
            "newsroom",
            "reform",
            "belknap",
            "analyst",
            "cabrera",
            "justice",
            "ii",
            "clinton",
            "power",
            "backlash",
            "rudy",
            "impeachment",
            "mercy",
            "lineup",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "pardongate",
            "prosecutor",
            "obama",
            "lawyer",
            "war",
            "johnson",
            "reader",
            "state",
            "cronyism",
            "article",
            "criminal",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "secretary",
            "william",
            "giuliani",
            "department",
            "bush",
            "august",
            "commentary",
            "connection",
            "un",
            "trial",
            "attorney",
            "commutation",
            "donald",
            "january",
            "batch"
        ]
    },
    "117": {
        "id": "1611472323.207371",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/us/stolen-military-humvee-recovered-trnd/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Humvee recovered after being stolen from military facility",
        "body_text": "A Humvee, valued at $120,000, was recovered early Wednesday morning after it was stolen from a military facility on last week, according to officials.\n The military vehicle was found in the southeast part of Los Angeles, according to a tweet from the FBI in Los Angeles.  It was stolen from the National Guard Armory in Bell, California, around 8:15 a.m. local time Friday morning, according to the FBI.\n The four-door, green camouflagehe Humvee has been upgraded and is considered a combat vehicle. The FBI released images of the vehicle on Friday, seeking the public's help in locating it.\n A photo provided by the FBI on Wednesday shows the vehicle in the location where it was recovered this morning. It is unclear whether the Humvee sustained any damage.\n The person or group responsible for the theft has not yet been determined and the investigation continues, the FBI said.\n Theft from a military facility carries a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison, the FBI said.\n The FBI also thanked the California Army National Guard, California Highway Patrol and Los Angeles Police Department for their help in recovering the Humvee.",
        "tags": [
            "prison",
            "los",
            "camouflagehe",
            "national",
            "armory",
            "tweet",
            "guard",
            "vehicle",
            "patrol",
            "facility",
            "photo",
            "california",
            "humvee",
            "highway",
            "location",
            "damage",
            "combat",
            "theft",
            "official",
            "image",
            "angeles",
            "friday",
            "army",
            "fbi",
            "department",
            "wednesday",
            "investigation",
            "a.m."
        ]
    },
    "118": {
        "id": "1611472323.899294",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/entertainment/bow-wow-concert-apology/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Bow Wow apologizes after crowded Houston club backlash ",
        "body_text": "Bow Wow has apologized for taking the stage in a packed nightclub in Houston over the weekend.\n The rapper, who also acts under his legal name Shad Moss, had received backlash on social media after he was seen in footage on stage appearing to perform for a mostly maskless crowd at Cle in Houston.\n Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner tweeted on Sunday: \"These events that are scheduled with @BowWowPromoTeam today in Houston are on our radar.\"\n \"Other bars/clubs that are operating as restaurants, beyond capacity and social distancing requirements, please expect visits,\" the tweet read. \"Today we report 1964 new cases and 17 more deaths.\"\n Turner also pointed out that because of the pandemic only virtual concerts are allowed in the city.\n Moss responded to the call out on Twitter.\n \"Safe to say the mayor of houston hates my guts,\" he tweeted. \"I cant believe i get the blame for a whole weekend. This is ridiculous.Turner tweeted that he did not personally have a problem with Moss.\n \"Let me be very clear. I don't dislike @BowWowPromoTeam,\" the mayor tweeted. \"While the city is in the midst of this pandemic nearly 2000 infected and 17 dying yesterday, this is not the time for concerts. Help us get past this virus and then do your thing. The same for other bars & clubs.\"\n On Tuesday Moss tweeted, \"Heres the TRUTH: My only statement.\"\n \"1. It was not a bow wow concert. I simply did one verse to like you. And went back to my section and simply put my mask BACK on,\" he tweeted. \"2. I did not i repeat did not GET PAID for anything. It was my boys 30th bday weekend and i came down off the love.\"\n \"3. I apologize if i did anything wrong. I love the city of houston. I consider it like a 2nd home. A place i go to on my free time,\" he added. \"4. Sorry to the mayor for any confusion. I understand the time we are living in so I apologize.\"\n The mayor tweeted his appreciation of Moss and said he looks forward to attending one of his concerts post pandemic.",
        "tags": [
            "weekend",
            "verse",
            "concert",
            "twitter",
            "paid",
            "capacity",
            "turner",
            "radar",
            "virus",
            "rapper",
            "mask",
            "statement",
            "sunday",
            "restaurant",
            "sylvester",
            "distancing",
            "cle",
            "wow",
            "tweet",
            "blame",
            "footage",
            "midst",
            "houston",
            "stage",
            "pandemic",
            "backlash",
            "moss",
            "tuesday",
            "requirement",
            "mayor",
            "club",
            "shad",
            "crowd",
            "section",
            "@bowwowpromoteam",
            "medium",
            "bar",
            "truth",
            "gut",
            "bow",
            "death",
            "30th",
            "nightclub"
        ]
    },
    "119": {
        "id": "1611472324.995036",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/biden-inauguration-day-analysis/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Biden conjures hope and bears pain for a grieving nation  ",
        "body_text": "In his first words as President, Joe Biden offered a parable of American grit, healing and unity, leveraging resilience forged through personal loss and disdain for the \"uncivil war\" of modern politics in an inspirational rallying call to a sickened and divided nation.\n Destiny paired America's new leader -- a man rocked by tragedy who found the strength to heal his own soul -- with a country that needs to summon similar steel to overcome what he called its \"cascading crises.\"\n In a moving interlude to his inaugural address, silence fell over the US Capitol and the National Mall as Biden paused to lead Americans in a moment of silent prayer, to honor the more than 400,000 fellow citizens taken by Covid-19.\n But as he has done throughout a life scarred by family tragedies, Biden sought strength in the moment of mourning, willing the country to overcome its divides, after admitting that ignoring their existence was a \"foolish fantasy.\"\n \"Now, we are going to be tested. Are we going to step up? All of us?\" Biden asked as he started into the country's vast interior on the West Front of the Capitol that was invaded by a marauding mob only two weeks ago.\n Despite warning of a \"winter of peril,\" Biden's inaugural address was a rare moment of hope and inspiration nearly a year into the country's battle with a virus that has shut down normal life and fractured community and families.\n The 46th President struck a sharp contrast with the dark rant about \"American carnage\" issued by Donald Trump in his inaugural address four years ago. The ex-President was unseen behind the walls of his Florida resort club at the hour when his tumultuous term expired.\n Biden didn't mention Trump. But by praising the survival of American democracy and condemning \"shouting,\" \"exhausting outrage,\" a \"state of chaos\" and politics as a \"raging fire destroying everything in its path,\" Biden clearly sought to turn the page from the discord of the Trump years.\n He also pointedly rejected the signature characteristic of the Trump era of lies which in the former president's refusal to accept his election defeat threatened the democratic structures of the country itself. \"We must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated and even manufactured,\" Biden said.\n Only two weeks ago, the platform on which Biden delivered his inaugural address was overcome by a pro-Trump mob on its way to insurrection in the Capitol. Memories of that outrage added poignancy to the new President's comment that \"at this hour, democracy has prevailed.\"\n Biden's address was less soaring than some inaugural addresses. But its power lay in the way he seemed to be talking to every individual American, almost like President Franklin Roosevelt in his fireside chats in which he guided the country out of the Great Depression.\n \"Let's start afresh, all of us, let's begin to listen to one another again, hear one another, show respect to one another.\"\n The swearing-in of Kamala Harris, America's first female, first Black and first South Asian vice president, will deliver qualified progress in the halting march to racial justice and gender equality.\n Biden's empathy was forged in the unfathomable horror of burying his first wife, infant daughter and adult son. Just as he comforted bereaved supporters on countless campaign trail rope lines, he is now assuming the nation's grief over the pandemic. After finding new reason to live following his own bereavements, he's challenging Americans to honor their own losses by uniting to win the battle to restore normal life.\n Biden's first duty on his return to Washington Wednesday was to lead a moving sunset vigil under a purple sky at the Lincoln Memorial for those lost -- a step never taken by Trump, a longtime pandemic denier who appeared to believe that dignifying the dead stained his own image.\n The solemn event, featuring Michigan nurse Lori Marie Key, who sang \"Amazing Grace,\" underscored Biden's promises to restore decency to the center of power as he seeks to nurture the country's battered soul.\n Under the marbled gaze of the statue of Abraham Lincoln, who took office in perhaps the only time when America has been more divided than today, lines of lights stretched like gravestones towards the distant Washington Monument.\n As he worked on his own inaugural address, Biden had to contemplate a pandemic that has never been worse, a vaccine rollout that is a confusing mess, an economy pulverized by shutdowns and a generation of kids who have missed critical months of in-person schooling.\n His challenges have become even more acute since the election, as Trump's refusal to admit defeat and attempt to steal Biden's victory, as well as an insurrection against Congress, hammered Biden's legitimacy and exposed a White nationalist internal insurgency that will pose an ongoing threat to US security and democracy.\n America's current chasms suggest yet more synergy between Biden and his moment of history.\n Despite decades of worsening national polarization, the President-elect still thinks he can enlist his old Senate Republican sparring partner, Mitch McConnell, in passing elements of his legislative agenda and a new pandemic stimulus plan.\n Many Democrats are highly skeptical. And Republicans who live in fear of Trump and his 74 million voters have no reason to make Biden's presidency a success. But Biden's old-fashioned bet on building an administration on compromise at a time when such sentiments have rarely been less incentivized was attractive to many voters weary of Washington's partisan wars.\n And after Trump tried to make it a liability in the campaign, his half-century career as a Washington insider might just equip him to overhaul the lame federal response to Covid-19 and lead the country out of its nightmare.\n When Biden placed his hand on the Bible on Wednesday and takes the oath of office, he completed a political and personal journey that had seemed fated to fall short of the White House.\n The man who was once one of the youngest senators in history became at 78, the country's oldest president.\n This day would never have come had Biden followed his initial instincts and given up the newly won Delaware US Senate seat he won in 1972 after his wife and infant daughter died in a car crash.\n Biden spent months by the side of his surviving sons, Beau and Hunter, as they slowly recovered from serious injuries. In the late 1980s, he experienced his own health crises with a brain aneurysm that nearly killed him. But he bounced back.\n Tragedy would visit Biden again in May 2015, when Beau, an Iraq War veteran and Democratic rising star, died of brain cancer.\n Biden always saw Beau as a better version of himself. A tearful President-elect on Wednesday confessed: \"Ladies and gentleman, I only have one regret: he's not here because we should be introducing him as president.\"\n Beau's death ultimately convinced Biden not to mount a bid for the Democratic nomination in 2016 against Hillary Clinton amid concern about his family's emotional endurance for a race.\n But fate called him back into the political arena because of Trump's aberrant presidency and the commander in chief's equivocation over condemning marches by White supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia.\n \"Joe Biden has a healing heart. He has been through so much,\" former Vice President Al Gore told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday evening.\n Biden is now a far more disciplined politician than he was for much of his career.\n His portrayal in the seminal \"What It Takes -- The Way to the White House,\" an account of the 1988 presidential campaign by the late Richard Ben Cramer, was as a political charmer, with a dazzling smile, glad-handing style and preening self-belief that the presidency was his destiny.\n But Biden's 1988 campaign dissolved amid a plagiarism scandal. In 2008, he dropped out after an anemic showing in the Iowa caucuses.\n Even when he was selected by Barack Obama as his vice presidential nominee, many of the younger aides around the soon-to-be president considered Biden a loose-lipped caricature -- an impression he strengthened by adding to his long list of political gaffes. But Vice President Biden's steady stewardship of the Recovery Act -- which added to his pedigree as he sought the presidency this time around -- won him admirers, and after eight years of loyalty to Obama, he was loved and respected in the White House.\n Now, slowed a little by age, and with the windy opening statements that set eyes rolling in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee just a memory, Biden has displayed unexpected late-in-life political adeptness.\n Only a year ago, it seemed his political ambitions would again founder after terrible results in the Iowa and New Hampshire nominating races. But with trademark persistence, he hauled himself back up off the mat with a famous win in South Carolina, which rocketed him to the Democratic nomination and the presidency.\n His handling of Trump's unprecedented disruption during a treacherous transition was distilled from the wisdom of decades in high office, and a willingness to subvert his own ego for the good of the nation -- another stark comparison with the outgoing President.\n His campaign benefited from the curtailment of an exhausting travel schedule.\n But every time he needed to show gravitas and poise -- like in the debates against Trump and at the Democratic National Convention -- Biden delivered, showing a new, spare speaking style that was likely a preview of his presidential bully pulpit and was shaped by his tragedies and redemption.\n That durability in the face of personal angst is the force that finally propelled Biden to his longed-for destination -- the Oval Office -- on Wednesday. And it's why he might just be the man for a perilous American moment.",
        "tags": [
            "bible",
            "americans",
            "lincoln",
            "congress",
            "interior",
            "divide",
            "mall",
            "depression",
            "mitch",
            "steel",
            "soul",
            "march",
            "national",
            "american",
            "strength",
            "roosevelt",
            "tragedy",
            "grace",
            "republicans",
            "resilience",
            "citizen",
            "crisis",
            "destiny",
            "abraham",
            "washington",
            "existence",
            "loss",
            "capitol",
            "america",
            "unity",
            "marie",
            "politic",
            "franklin",
            "interlude",
            "peril",
            "president",
            "beau",
            "kamala",
            "parable",
            "address",
            "prayer",
            "elect",
            "mourning",
            "joe",
            "rallying",
            "war",
            "lori",
            "harris",
            "michigan",
            "delaware",
            "grit",
            "ex",
            "trump",
            "senate",
            "leader",
            "fantasy",
            "biden",
            "democrats",
            "mcconnell",
            "covid-19",
            "wednesday",
            "hunter",
            "inspiration",
            "disdain",
            "mob",
            "west",
            "donald",
            "warning",
            "us",
            "memorial",
            "silence",
            "monument",
            "florida",
            "healing",
            "uncivil"
        ]
    },
    "120": {
        "id": "1611472326.5583842",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/politics/kamala-harris-inauguration-racial-justice-white-supremacy/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "The powerful duality of Kamala Harris' ascent",
        "body_text": "Two weeks after a deadly insurrection put on display the White outrage that threatens the country's multiracial democracy, a dramatically different scene unfolded at the US Capitol.\n On January 20, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris were sworn into office.\n The inauguration of the first female, first Black and first South Asian vice president following the aforementioned assault did two things at once -- marked a hopeful turning point in the long fight for racial representation and justice, and underscored in sobering fashion that confronting White supremacy will be one of the new administration's main challenges.\n Harris' political rise even just over the past one and a half years is nothing to scoff at. Maybe most obviously, the former California senator's ascent to the vice presidency will change the face of power in a literal way.\n There was no shortage of coverage of how the 2020 Democratic primary field, which Harris was a part of, began as one of the most noteworthy in history. More specifically, the diversity of the slate of candidates who vied for the nomination was unprecedented: Latino, Asian, Black, gay, female. In December 2019, though, Harris suspended her campaign, as the field gradually congealed around straightness and Whiteness and maleness.\n It was no small thing, then, when Biden chose Harris as his running mate in August. \"It just feels like Black girls like me can run for class president. Black girls like me can go for the big things in life like she did,\" Paris Bond, a teenager, told CNN that month.\n Or as Harris' late mother used to say to her barrier-busting daughter: \"Kamala, you may be the first to do many things, but make sure you're not the last.\"\n Just as moving: when the Democratic duo trounced Trump in the November general election. Propelled by a multiracial coalition, Biden and Harris not only thwarted the reelection campaign of a man who used his Whiteness as a weapon -- they also ended the perverse pageantry of an administration that embraced virulent masculinity.\n But as vice president, Harris will be able to offer more than symbolic representation.\n \"Joe Biden's vice president will most likely be the most powerful vice president in history because the trend is toward more powerful vice presidents. Joe Biden knows the value of having a vice president with lots of responsibility, and Joe Biden is going to inherit an epic disaster,\" as former Barack Obama senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer said last year, referring to the nightmarish toll of the novel coronavirus pandemic.\n Already, Harris has indicated how she'll battle the once-in-a-century crisis and its attendant racial disparities -- disparities that are the result of a history of discriminatory policy.\n Last May, she introduced the Covid-19 Racial and Ethnic Disparities Task Force Act to \"bring together healthcare and other policy experts, community-based organizations, and federal, state, local, tribal and territorial leaders to confront the racial and ethnic disparities of this pandemic head on.\"\n In December, Biden selected Marcella Nunez-Smith, an associate professor of internal medicine, public health and management at Yale University, to lead the health equity task force.\n \"Health care free of racism and discrimination is a right and not a privilege,\" Nunez-Smith said during a web briefing last month. \"It is time for us to respond to the crisis of discrimination in health care.\"\n In other words, Harris will change what power looks like and directly influence whom it serves.\n But even with those triumphal dimensions, the new administration, from the very beginning, will have to navigate the resurgent currents of White supremacy.\n In an interview with NPR last week, Harris didn't mince her words in her condemnation of the recent attack on the Capitol.\n \"It was the same thing that went through my mind when I saw Charlottesville,\" she said. \"It's the same thing that went through my mind when I saw a picture of Emmett Till. It is not the first time I have seen a demonstration like what you are describing in the history of our country.\"\n That Harris drew parallels between the horror of the Trump years and the brutality of decades past made sense. The seizure of the Capitol was a gruesome reminder that White supremacy has always been tightly stitched into the American fabric.\n Indeed, historians have noted how the takeover echoed the Reconstruction period in terms of White backlash to racial equality.\n For instance, in 1873, more than 150 armed White men -- most affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan -- murdered between 60 and 150 members of a Black militia that had been defending the Grant Parish courthouse in Colfax, Louisiana, following the state's bitterly contested 1872 gubernatorial election.\n \"The bloodiest single instance of racial carnage in the Reconstruction era, the Colfax massacre taught many lessons, including the lengths to which some opponents of Reconstruction would go to regain their accustomed authority,\" the Columbia University professor Eric Foner explains in his 1988 book, \"Reconstruction: America's Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877.\"\n Accustomed authority. More than one and a half centuries after the end of the Civil War, the US has yet to deal fully with the enduring threat of White entitlement to political control, as evidenced by the Confederate flag-waving mob's assault on the Capitol.\n \"We still have a lot of work to do,\" Harris said in the interview.\n There might be a consoling prospect to the carnage earlier this month, however.\n The attack could provide Biden and Harris with the political momentum necessary to act more vigorously than some of their Democratic antecedents -- to banish White supremacist groups and clamp down on the corruption and racism that afflict police departments, Ronald Brownstein argued last week.\n Often, the US assumes itself to be better than it is, particularly when it comes to nourishing racial progress. The new administration will have the opportunity to narrow the distance between that assumption and reality.",
        "tags": [
            "reconstruction",
            "diversity",
            "display",
            "cnn",
            "klux",
            "till",
            "vice",
            "ku",
            "senator",
            "presidency",
            "challenge",
            "shortage",
            "charlottesville",
            "grant",
            "history",
            "dan",
            "racial",
            "emmett",
            "fashion",
            "democracy",
            "candidate",
            "bond",
            "straightness",
            "disparities",
            "justice",
            "inauguration",
            "smith",
            "capitol",
            "power",
            "colfax",
            "california",
            "president",
            "barack",
            "ascent",
            "yale",
            "campaign",
            "insurrection",
            "obama",
            "joe",
            "scoff",
            "assault",
            "nomination",
            "outrage",
            "nunez",
            "coverage",
            "task",
            "representation",
            "turning",
            "harris",
            "trump",
            "university",
            "npr",
            "parish",
            "november",
            "biden",
            "louisiana",
            "covid-19",
            "klan",
            "paris",
            "marcella",
            "administration",
            "august",
            "may",
            "supremacy",
            "whiteness",
            "scene",
            "ethnic",
            "field",
            "december",
            "january",
            "us",
            "slate",
            "columbia",
            "pfeiffer",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "121": {
        "id": "1611472327.0033002",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/africa/nigeria-burna-boy-biden-inauguration-intl/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "Nigeria's Burna Boy featured on US inauguration playlist",
        "body_text": "Nigerian artist Burna Boy will feature on the official playlist for the inauguration of President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris.\n The award-winning singer's song 'Destiny' will be played alongside other international artists such as Dua Lipa, Tame Impala, and Kygo.\n The playlist was curated by American actress Issa Rae's record label Raedio and Derrick Jones, better known by his stage name as DJ D-Nice.\n American artists included on the playlist include Beyonc\u00e9, Stevie Wonder, and Kendrick Lamar.\n Raedio President Benoni Tagoe said the company was honored to create the playlist. \"We know that music has the power to bring people together, and after a year of national challenges and division, we hope this collection serves as an indication of a new beginning, positive change, and a reminder that music of all types is a common language.\"\n \"These songs and artists reflect the relentless spirit and rich diversity of America,\" said Presidential Inaugural Committee CEO Tony Allen in a statement. \"They are the score to a new chapter and will help bring people together as the Biden-Harris Administration begins its important work to unite our country,\" Allen said.\n At 29, Burna Boy is one of Africa's breakout stars, and his music has been sampled and featured by some of the world's biggest artists including Fall Out Boys, Jorja Smith, and Beyonc\u00e9.\n His album 'Twice as Tall' was nominated for Best Global Music album at the upcoming Grammy awards while his debut album 'African Giant' was also nominated for the same award last year.\n Burna Boy has been a vocal critic of governments across the continent.\n He released the song '20 10 20' in October, which was inspired by the shootings at Lekki toll gate when Nigerian soldiers fired into a crowd of protestors.\n \"I close my eyes and all I see is Lekki toll gate,\" he said in a tweet three days after the shootings. \"I've seen a lot of Violence and death in my Life but this is the one that has Traumatized me.\"\n A picture of a bloodied Nigerian flag that went viral at the time is still his Twitter avatar.\n In September 2019, following a spate of xenophobic attacks in South Africa, targeted at Nigerians, he vowed never to return to the country, a move that sparked criticism on social media.\n The artist later changed his mind and announced that he would perform at the 'Africa Unite' concert in South Africa, the concert was later canceled.\n However, South Africans took a dim view of his earlier comments and there was a barrage of criticism and even threats of violence according to the organizers, who canceled the concert.\n The playlist is on Spotify and other streaming services.\n CNN's Kelly McCleary contributed to this report",
        "tags": [
            "kygo",
            "issa",
            "diversity",
            "stevie",
            "impala",
            "tall",
            "score",
            "vice",
            "dj",
            "beyonc\u00e9",
            "jorja",
            "grammy",
            "d",
            "challenge",
            "reminder",
            "global",
            "statement",
            "division",
            "lipa",
            "artist",
            "raedio",
            "album",
            "destiny",
            "kendrick",
            "tagoe",
            "inaugural",
            "stage",
            "indication",
            "label",
            "rae",
            "committee",
            "smith",
            "inauguration",
            "america",
            "derrick",
            "power",
            "africa",
            "dua",
            "collection",
            "beginning",
            "president",
            "breakout",
            "song",
            "elect",
            "debut",
            "joe",
            "burna",
            "company",
            "boys",
            "actress",
            "harris",
            "tony",
            "government",
            "biden",
            "spirit",
            "presidential",
            "tame",
            "benoni",
            "administration",
            "best",
            "playlist",
            "critic",
            "african",
            "singer",
            "chapter",
            "ceo",
            "giant",
            "language",
            "music",
            "jones",
            "allen",
            "award",
            "lamar",
            "kamala"
        ]
    },
    "122": {
        "id": "1611472328.196952",
        "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/20/opinions/trump-pardons-big-threat-to-us-integrity-rodgers/index.html",
        "source": "cnn",
        "title": "These Trump pardons spell the biggest threat",
        "body_text": "Jennifer Rodgers is a former federal prosecutor, Adjunct Professor of Clinical Law at NYU School of Law, Lecturer-in-Law at Columbia Law School, and a CNN legal analyst. The opinions expressed here are her own. Read more opinion at CNN.\nAs has been well documented by now, former President Donald Trump always treated the presidential pardon power like it was a personal gift rather than a constitutional power afforded to the office he held.\n Thus we saw Trump ignore the regular pardon process and its requirements and standards, with many of his last-minute pardons going to people who know him personally, who were supported by a celebrity he likes or who supported him politically. Throughout his presidency, we saw Trump and his lawyers successfully \"dangle\" pardons before people who otherwise might have cooperated with law enforcement and disclosed Trump's misconduct, in order to keep them quiet, and then reward them later with pardons when they did so.\n It's an exercise in futility to sift through the dozens upon dozens of Trump's abusive pardons to try to determine the most outrageous, although those given to four war criminals who were convicted in the killings of Iraqi civilians, including children, certainly make a compelling case for that distinction.\n Still, one category of Trump pardons stands out to me as both egregious and worthy of particular attention because of how it threatens our system of checks and balances, and what it reveals about the man behind the power: the pardoning of people found guilty of public corruption offenses. These are people who themselves abused the public trust, and whose wrongdoing was exposed by our carefully constructed, overlapping systems of oversight and enforcement that are designed to identify and punish corrupt government officials.\n The list includes people like former Congressmen Duncan Hunter (using campaign donations to support a lavish personal lifestyle, including trips with his mistress), former New York Rep Chris Collins (insider trading while standing on the White House lawn) and Steve Stockman (misusing charitable funds to pay for hot air balloon rides and a new dishwasher, among other things). It includes Rod Blagojevich, the former Illinois governor who tried to sell a newly-vacated senate seat.\n And in his last hours in office, Trump pardoned two more crooked Republican former congressmen -- Rick Renzi and Randall \"Duke\" Cunningham -- and commuted the sentence of former Detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick, who had served just seven years of a 28-year sentence he received for racketeering, bribery, and extortion in connection with a massive corruption scheme that some argue contributed to bankrupting his city.\n As if all of this weren't bad enough, Trump found another way to use the pardon power to demonstrate his contempt for our government's system of checks and balances against corruption. The appointment of a special counsel from outside of government -- which occurred during Trump's tenure in the form of Special Counsel Robert Mueller -- is a hallmark of executive branch oversight when the Department of Justice is conflicted from investigating other executive branch officials. Trump not only relentlessly attacked Mueller, his team and their work throughout the entirety of the investigation and its resulting prosecutions, but ultimately pardoned every single person prosecuted as a result of the Mueller investigation, except the one, Rick Gates, who cooperated with authorities.\n Some of those pardoned by Trump could still be subject to charges by state law enforcement officials, and in some cases I believe they absolutely will be. So in the end, the pardons may not be the get-out-of-jail-free card that Trump intended.\n But the pardons themselves and Trump's wholesale abuse of the pardon power remain important for two reasons. First, they expose weaknesses in our system of checks and balances, which already has led to serious calls for reforms, like increasing transparency measures, strengthening whistleblower and watchdog agency protections, and reinforcing the ability of Congress to obtain information such as documents and witnesses from the executive branch during the course of investigations. And second, these pardons showed us, yet again, the measure of the man behind the power, as if we needed more evidence of Trump's lack of ethical character.\n Trump may be gone, but a concern for many good government advocates is that his unethical and norm-busting abuse of the pardon power may embolden future officeholders to follow suit. Reforming the pardon power to ensure its ethical and merit-based use should be a top priority of those who care about integrity in our government.",
        "tags": [
            "child",
            "distinction",
            "congress",
            "cnn",
            "jennifer",
            "steve",
            "counsel",
            "opinion",
            "york",
            "rep",
            "presidency",
            "corruption",
            "duke",
            "pardon",
            "detroit",
            "kwame",
            "kilpatrick",
            "rod",
            "category",
            "school",
            "mueller",
            "analyst",
            "justice",
            "law",
            "clinical",
            "power",
            "celebrity",
            "futility",
            "chris",
            "robert",
            "requirement",
            "dozen",
            "attention",
            "balance",
            "president",
            "blagojevich",
            "process",
            "prosecutor",
            "gates",
            "professor",
            "lawyer",
            "war",
            "rodgers",
            "civilian",
            "renzi",
            "standard",
            "enforcement",
            "criminal",
            "illinois",
            "system",
            "trump",
            "nyu",
            "senate",
            "cunningham",
            "exercise",
            "congressmen",
            "randall",
            "pardoning",
            "stockman",
            "department",
            "hunter",
            "killing",
            "check",
            "adjunct",
            "collins",
            "watchdog",
            "misconduct",
            "donald",
            "lecturer",
            "duncan",
            "new",
            "rick",
            "columbia"
        ]
    }
}